a long-haired brown and white dog carries a snowball in his mouth .
neut	the dog is playing fetch
neut	the dog is playing in the park .
cont	a dog is carrying a cat
cont	a dog is carrying a mouse .
enta	the dog is brown .
enta	a dog is carrying something .
neut	a puppy carries a snowball in its mouth and its owner .
neut	the dog carries a stick to his owner
neut	a puppy and cat are chasing a snowball .
cont	the animal is inside the house .
cont	a cat is being held by a cat .
cont	a cat sits on the beach
enta	a dog is surrounded by dogs .
enta	the dog looks through his mouth .
neut	the dog is winning the game of england .
neut	the puppies have a tongue leg in .
neut	the boy with the pig is playing with spare .
neut	a dog and white dog are fighting with a drill .
cont	a blue dog has a big dog on it day .
cont	a horse and only are chasing food into a building .
enta	a dog and dog are running around .
a woman and a man are sword fighting .
neut	the man and woman are fighting over a large sword .
neut	two people fighting for a show
neut	the man and woman are in a band together .
cont	the man and woman are sitting in the living room watching tv .
cont	the man and woman are sitting in the living room .
enta	the people are near each other .
enta	the woman and man are fighting
enta	a man and woman are fighting .
neut	a couple is getting ready to go on a date .
cont	a man washing his car empty
cont	the man pushes his briefcase to his friend .
enta	a human about to go outside .
enta	the person and man with the ladder
enta	two individuals are pulling something
neut	the woman and her man are sliding out of the board .
cont	a woman is hold a vampire with her wife .
enta	a woman is with an male fighting .
enta	a man and a woman are wearing protective .
a girl is feeding a goat .
neut	a girl is feeding a cow to her mother .
neut	a girl is feeding a cow to eat .
cont	a man eating a sandwich .
cont	the girl is feeding a dog
cont	a girl is sleeping .
enta	the girl is feeding a cow
enta	a girl is feeding a large an animal .
enta	a girl is eating a strawberry .
neut	the woman is a model .
cont	a girl is grabbing a blue falcon .
cont	the woman and a man are inside watching tv .
cont	a girl is holding onto a blue cup .
enta	the girl is wet
enta	a girl is holding a cup .
neut	a girl learns to eat while another human kicks her .
cont	a girl is crying with to be lunch .
cont	the girl is getting a whale filled .
cont	the boy is baking his dog
enta	a girl is building a goat .
enta	a baby raises the dogs in front of a nature .
a group of 9 men and women walking upstairs .
neut	the group of people are walking to work .
neut	the men are wearing hats .
neut	the men are wearing red
neut	a group of people are walking to the store to get to work .
cont	a group of people are sitting in a restaurant .
cont	a group of people are sitting on a bench
cont	the men are sleeping in their beds .
cont	a group of people are at a movie theater .
enta	a group of people are indoors .
enta	a group of people are in a room .
enta	people walking together .
neut	friends in a walk having a party .
neut	a group of friends walk together
neut	four friends are working on a project .
cont	a family is at the park .
cont	four men in a race of cars .
cont	a woman likes her dog .
cont	there are seven men on the plane .
enta	several people are together
neut	a group of men are pushing all cart records under .
neut	they are walking to the press .
neut	the men are reading to a war article .
cont	a group of men and women are sitting down to cool .
cont	the men are flirting at the restaurant .
cont	a group of men , women are sitting in the middle of their room .
enta	a group of people are walking outdoors .
a man in the middle east with a corn-on-the-cob cart selling corn .
neut	a man is selling the banana on his lunch .
neut	a man is selling fruit to the party .
cont	a man sits on a bench in the middle of a cart .
cont	a man is selling a car in a cart .
cont	a man in a car .
enta	a man is selling fruit
enta	a man is in the middle of a pile .
neut	a man holds a party
neut	a man is the dog for the first time .
neut	a man is waiting on his bike to the party .
cont	a woman sits alone
cont	a man in a wheelchair looking for a friend .
cont	a dog baking cookies with a man .
enta	there are other individuals involved to the same time .
enta	a man near some fruit cans outdoors .
neut	a man is working on the new weather .
neut	a man is cold and running to work in a .
cont	the man is picking baby in a pile .
cont	the man is on to a carnival car .
cont	the man is on the bench looking at fire .
cont	a man is running the fast truck .
enta	a man is going to transport transport .
a skateboarder glides down a railing of some stairs .
neut	a skateboarder is doing tricks on the stairs .
neut	a skateboarder is doing a trick for a competition
neut	a skateboarder is doing tricks .
cont	a man is riding a bike down the stairs .
enta	a skateboarder is doing a trick on a railing
enta	a skateboarder is doing a trick .
neut	skateboarder is playing at a circus .
neut	a skateboarder doing tricks for a band .
neut	a skateboarder is doing a stunts for the job .
neut	an skateboarder does tricks for a crowd .
cont	the man is skiing .
cont	the skateboarder is standing in front of the stairs .
cont	the skateboarder eats a long time
enta	skateboarder is doing something on the stairs .
enta	someone is riding a skateboard down a stairs .
neut	the skateboarder is flying his new wheel down the stairs .
neut	a skateboarder is going tricks on a railing .
neut	the skateboarder is knocking down a rail of fall .
neut	the skateboarder is practicing for a rainstorm .
cont	a basketball runner is building a small floor .
enta	a skateboarder rides down the stairs .
a woman walks next to a subway exit .
neut	the woman walks next to the subway to the store .
cont	a woman is sitting on a bench
enta	a woman is walking next to a subway .
enta	there is a woman walking .
enta	woman walking next to a subway .
neut	a woman walking to work .
neut	a female is giving a speech to a car .
cont	the lady is sitting down .
cont	two girls are riding a horse .
enta	a woman bathes while a person is walking .
neut	a woman helps a for purse to be arrested .
cont	a lady is walking on a couch
cont	the woman will no a cab while standing .
cont	a woman is pushing the subway into a shopping intersection .
enta	a woman in the subway station .
a man in his own world of him and his music just entertaining on the street corner .
neut	a man is wearing a black shirt
cont	the man is in a room .
cont	a man sits on the bench
enta	the man is performing for a crowd .
enta	the man is playing music on the street .
enta	a man in his eyes is being held by a man .
neut	it 's a sunny day
cont	a woman running around the park .
cont	the man is in a room watching television .
enta	a man is making music .
enta	a man is ready up at the street corner .
neut	the man is performing for a festive show .
cont	the man is not playing an awesome routine .
cont	a man is giving away the sound on a skateboard .
cont	the man is teaching his football not a woman .
enta	a man is outside playing music .
two girls are walking in car wash parking lot .
neut	two girls are walking to work .
neut	girls are walking to work
neut	two girls are walking to the store to open up
neut	two girls walk through a parking lot at the park
cont	the girls are sitting in a room .
cont	the girls are sitting in the car .
enta	girls are walking through a parking lot .
enta	some girls are walking
enta	two girls walk through a parking lot .
enta	two girls are walking through a parking lot .
neut	two girls are walking in france .
neut	two girls have a conversation .
neut	two young girls are walking in the rain .
neut	girls 's card dress are in the mail 's road .
cont	the girls are running down the street .
cont	two kids are walking through the store .
enta	two girls walking in the mall .
enta	there are two girls .
enta	two young girls are outdoors .
neut	three girls are going to impress a man .
cont	a bunch of guys wearing red shirts are walking in gym .
cont	two guys are in a cow ,
cont	two boys are walking in the middle of a field .
cont	the two girls are in front of a small field .
enta	two women and all are walking in a parking lot .
enta	girls are walking between a parking lot .
a man doing a trick in the air on his bike .
neut	a man is riding his bike to work .
neut	a man is riding his bike to the store .
cont	the man is sitting on a couch .
cont	the man is sitting on his bike
enta	the man is on the bike .
enta	the man is riding his bike outside .
enta	the man is in the air .
enta	the man is riding his bike outside .
neut	a man is doing a trick on his bike to go .
neut	the man is a professional skateboarder .
neut	a man rides a bike at a park .
neut	the man is competing in a competition .
cont	the man is yelling at the person .
cont	the woman is practicing for the field .
cont	the man is skiing .
cont	the little man is kicking a ball
enta	a man doing a trick with a bicycle .
enta	the man is doing a trick .
neut	the man is trying to pick a biker .
neut	a man is doing a dirt bike in his bike .
cont	a man is doing work from school .
cont	a man gets running down the forest
cont	a ballerina are eating hot dogs .
enta	a guy practices his human in the air .
a light brown dog with his tail in the air jumps of a pontoon toward the water .
neut	a dog jumps to catch a ball
neut	a dog jumps to catch a ball .
neut	a dog jumps over a lake with a ball .
cont	the dog is sleeping
cont	the dog is chasing a cat .
cont	the dog is sleeping .
cont	the dog is sitting on a couch .
enta	a dog is in the water
enta	the dog is jumping .
enta	a dog is jumping in the water .
neut	the dog jumps down the river
cont	the cat is sitting in the sun .
cont	the cat is drinking in the desert .
cont	a cat is alone on the ground
enta	a dog and water .
enta	a group is on their feet in the water .
neut	its brown dog is jumping over a small lake .
neut	a puppy is being measured under a bridge .
neut	a dog is exploring on a large boat
neut	a photographer watches as the dogs try to catch it down .
cont	a dog is running through the a road in front of a bridge .
cont	a dog is falling on a paved trail .
cont	the animal has a beast , in the picture .
enta	a dog is outside , in the air .
a large group of people walking down a city street .
neut	the people are going to a party .
cont	the people are on a boat .
cont	the people are sitting in the living room
enta	the group of people are walking down the street .
enta	there is a group of people .
enta	the group of people are outside .
enta	a large group of people are walking down the street .
neut	a group of students are trying to find the people in the street .
neut	a large group of people are trying to get their job .
cont	a crowd of people are watching tv .
cont	the man is taking a test at the park .
cont	one man walks down a street .
cont	a large group of people are sitting in the street , sitting on the bench
enta	many people are walking down the street .
enta	a large crowd is moving .
enta	some people are outdoors
enta	a group of people is outside .
neut	they are walking towards a very part of the city .
neut	a group of people have a toy ride in the street .
cont	everybody is walking stopped the people by a bank .
cont	the boats are going to a field .
cont	a group of people are running through a city street .
enta	the people are walking carrying the street .
enta	a few people are walking along a city street .
a man and woman sit at a cluttered table .
neut	the couple are sitting at the table and have a family reunion .
neut	the man and woman are sitting at a table in a park .
cont	two people are eating at a restaurant
cont	the people are at the beach .
cont	a couple are sitting on a couch .
enta	a man and woman are sitting .
enta	the man and woman are sitting .
enta	the man and woman are sitting together .
enta	a couple is at a table .
neut	a man and woman sit at a table with an old man at the table
neut	the man is making a lot of money .
neut	a pair of women are eating their dinner together .
cont	the man on a bike is working .
cont	the man sits on the ground alone .
cont	an indian couple is eating a meal at the restaurant .
enta	the man and woman are sitting at a table together .
neut	the man and woman are building a very distant .
neut	a man and woman are enjoying an feast
cont	two woman and a woman stand at red books .
cont	a man is swimming alone in a bad .
cont	a couple is standing on a snowy table .
enta	a man and woman are sitting at the table .
man dog sledding with his child in the icy snow .
neut	the dog is a labrador .
cont	a man and his son are playing with a ball .
cont	a man is playing with his cat
enta	a man is outdoors .
enta	a man is playing with his child .
neut	the man is teaching his son how to swim to climb .
neut	the man and his son have a snow snow snow time .
cont	a dog and his son walk down the street .
cont	there are no people sitting on the beach .
cont	a man is digging his child in the snow .
enta	a man is taking his two child in the snow .
enta	the man is going on a snow hillside .
neut	a man is taking a leak with their child .
cont	a boy is playing with a sand golf
enta	a man and dog are running with their body in the snow .
a smiling costumed woman is holding an umbrella .
neut	the woman is a circus
neut	the woman has an umbrella on her way home .
neut	a woman is holding an umbrella at a party .
cont	the woman is holding a dog .
enta	the woman has an umbrella .
enta	the woman is smiling .
enta	a woman is holding an umbrella .
enta	the fair woman is holding an umbrella
neut	a dance teacher is showing off the umbrella .
neut	the woman is going for a walk .
cont	the woman is screaming a joke .
cont	the man is standing up at the party .
enta	there are woman at something .
enta	a woman is holding an umbrella
neut	a girl is holding a giant umbrella .
cont	a woman is dropping a man from the mall .
cont	a lady is standing on top of a skunk house .
cont	there are an armed woman holding a bright arms .
cont	a man holds his new bucket and singing .
enta	a woman is standing , holding a umbrella
four women in front of odeon wear similar black , pink and white superman type shirts and jean skirts .
neut	four women are wearing pink and pink clothes and a white family .
cont	four women are wearing red and yellow .
enta	the women are wearing blue and pink .
neut	the women are getting ready to perform surgery .
neut	the ladies are excited .
neut	a group of women stand around a long school lady .
cont	the group of men are standing around .
cont	a group of ladies are going for a walk .
cont	the people are riding their bikes through the forest .
enta	four woman are on the costume
neut	the looking two women are protesting in a competition .
neut	four women are about to stop a particular children
cont	three women are dressed up as they run away .
cont	the women are dressed in flip-flops and jogging .
cont	two men are ready to learn how to cut pastel .
enta	three individuals individuals wearing orange , and blue shirts .
enta	the females are wearing pink and pink .
a group of children playing and having a good time .
neut	the children are playing with a ball in the park .
neut	children play in a park .
neut	the children are playing with a ball .
cont	the children are playing in the sand
cont	the children are playing in the sand .
cont	the children are playing in the sand
enta	children are playing .
enta	the children are playing .
enta	the children are playing with each other .
enta	a group of children are playing together .
neut	the kids are building a snowman .
neut	the kids are running for charity .
cont	some children is riding on a couch .
enta	there are children playing .
enta	a group of children are playing with something .
neut	a group of children are about to play with their heads .
neut	children are playing a game of mother with their friends .
cont	a group of people are shooting a fun game inside .
cont	a group of children is sitting in a tree getting exercise .
cont	several people are still still playing
enta	a group of young children stand at each other in .
people are getting money our of an atm .
neut	there are people working on a car to get to the atm .
neut	some people are getting money to work .
neut	the people are getting money to the atm .
cont	people are at the beach eating lunch .
cont	a group of people are watching a movie .
enta	some people are working
enta	people are near a atm .
enta	there are people working
neut	the people are looking at directions for a deer .
cont	the people are planting
cont	the pigs are not wearing anything he has used .
cont	people are riding their bikes .
cont	multiple people are waiting in line to buy .
enta	people are working .
enta	people are preparing for a atm .
enta	a group of people are going together
neut	several people are peeing and picking up a atm .
cont	the people are relaxing in a bar .
cont	people are watching a live talk .
cont	people are watching a band move .
cont	a motorcross team in the space .
enta	a person is looking at a atm .
enta	there are people who is partially things .
enta	people are being carried for an atm .
a motorcycle rider is making a sharp turn .
neut	the motorcycle rider is competing in a race
neut	a motorcycle rider is performing a trick for a charity .
cont	the motorcycle is driving down the street .
cont	the motorcycle is driving
enta	a motorcycle rider does a flip .
neut	a motorcyclist is trying to win a turn .
neut	a cyclist is going to the top of the motorcycle .
neut	a rider putting a tan on a race .
neut	a cyclist is trying to win his first race .
cont	a motorcyclist is going home .
cont	a car ship passes by .
enta	a person is practicing his motorcycle .
enta	a person is carrying a motorcycle
enta	a motorcycle people are acting
neut	a motorcycle is pretending to pull him smile .
neut	a master is being used by a motorcycle .
neut	a guard is taking pictures of his motorcycle for a track .
cont	a man operates the bike on a farm .
cont	the motorcyclist rider is jumping in the sand .
cont	the biker is going down a wooden wall .
enta	a biker rides his motorcycle that is working on
a volleyball player hitting a ball on the beach .
neut	the player is a professional player .
neut	a woman is playing volleyball on the beach
neut	a girl is playing volleyball on the beach in the park .
cont	the volleyball player is playing soccer .
cont	a volleyball player is sitting on the ground .
cont	a volleyball player is playing baseball .
enta	the volleyball player is playing volleyball .
enta	someone is playing volleyball .
enta	a volleyball player is outside .
enta	there is a volleyball player playing outdoors .
neut	a middle player is wearing a black and black jersey .
neut	a woman hits a volleyball ball for her family .
cont	a volleyball player is driving a car .
cont	someone is playing a game of golf at home .
cont	the person is playing tennis
cont	a basketball player plays the drums .
enta	an animal running on the beach .
enta	a ball goalie is having a ball
enta	a volleyball player is pitching outdoors .
neut	a gymnast is about to third playing a game of golf .
neut	two male players play a game of friends .
cont	a tennis player being swinging in the middle of a beach .
cont	a man burning in the sand .
cont	scuba person jumping into a golf racket .
cont	a blonde person is playing cards in the gym .
enta	a volley hits is relatively on the beach .
enta	a guy playing a sport in the sand .
a construction worker peeking out of a manhole while his coworker sits on the sidewalk smiling .
neut	a man is trying to get a window .
neut	a worker is trying to get a break
neut	the man is a professional construction worker .
neut	a worker is trying to get a tan
cont	a worker is sleeping on the sidewalk
cont	the worker is looking at the camera
cont	they are sitting on the couch .
cont	a worker is standing on a sidewalk .
enta	a person with a moustache .
enta	a person with a moustache
neut	a worker calls his son to get to the store .
neut	the worker works on his new building .
cont	the construction worker is sleeping on the sidewalk .
cont	the worker is by a lake .
enta	a woman is looking at something .
neut	the worker is doing tricks to make the sun .
cont	the worker is not taking a break to sit .
cont	a woman is sitting on a curb wearing her husband .
cont	the construction worker is driving in the buildings , street .
cont	the construction worker is digging in the empty sidewalk .
enta	an worker and worker are wearing a nice building .
enta	a worker looking at the frame of a builder .
two men sleeping on a park bench , slumped over each other .
neut	two men sleeping on a park bench while their parents look on .
neut	the men are friends
cont	the two men are playing chess .
enta	two men board a park bench .
enta	the men are sleeping on a park bench .
enta	the two men are sleeping .
enta	two men board a seat of a park with a lot of people .
neut	the men are wearing skirts .
neut	two brothers are fixing the park bench .
cont	the people are driving a car .
cont	the men are inside playing .
cont	two people sleeping in their bed .
cont	the man are reading .
enta	two of these females has a shirt on .
neut	two men go to meet a deal with their dog .
neut	they are planning for a date with their children .
neut	the men get ready to go to the park .
cont	the family is setting his dinner bike .
cont	two men are sleeping on a bridge .
cont	the men are seated at the picture of a bench .
cont	four men and sheep are waiting in a boxing match .
enta	there are three men carrying at the park .
enta	two men sit on a park bench .
a blond girl and brunette brown hanging by gymnastic ropes
neut	a girl and her parents are on a rope .
cont	the girl is sleeping
cont	a girl is sleeping on the floor .
enta	a blond girl with brown hair and brown outside .
neut	a blonde girl is playing for the first time
neut	a blonde girl performs gymnastics with a large jump .
cont	the girl is sleeping .
cont	a girl is at the movies .
enta	she is dancing
neut	a small girl is posing for a picture .
neut	a little girl tries to win her brown hair .
cont	a girl is staring at the speakers .
cont	a father and his father are standing in front of a famous audience .
cont	the young girl wears a costume that no hair .
enta	a woman is using her equipment to workout .
enta	a girl is entertaining with her hands .
enta	a girl using her arm while in the circle .
brown-haired woman talking to man with backpack .
neut	a man and woman are talking about the news .
neut	two people are talking about the woman
neut	the woman is talking to her husband on a date
cont	the woman is sleeping in her bed .
enta	a human talking
enta	a man is talking .
enta	the woman is talking to a man .
enta	the woman is on a backpack .
neut	the woman is unhappy with her husband .
neut	someone is hosting a woman about the news .
neut	the man is talking on the phone while the man is walking .
cont	two women are sitting on top of a tree .
cont	a cat is having a beer in a bar .
enta	one man has a backpack .
enta	there is a woman and man .
enta	a blond woman is talking to a man
neut	the man is talking on a barrel .
neut	a man prepares to run a 3 story
cont	the man is breaking a temperature .
cont	a woman is talking on a cellphone ,
enta	two people are having a rear habit .
enta	the woman is at the person with an backpack .
a woman in a green blouse and black skirt sitting on a bench in front of an elephant model .
neut	the woman is taking a picture of the elephant animal .
cont	the woman is in the middle of the park
enta	the woman is sitting on a bench .
enta	a woman is sitting down .
enta	a lady sits on a bench
neut	the women is at the park .
cont	a woman is taking a shower
cont	a woman is leaning by a horse
enta	a woman in green sitting around a lion .
enta	the woman is outside .
neut	a woman is happy to be a news conference .
neut	a woman who is trying to hold an animal
neut	the woman is crying with an elephant
cont	a woman is laying on a bench
cont	a woman is walking a bed in front of the camera .
cont	the woman is sleeping on a bench .
enta	a woman sits on a bench as it surrounded by an animal .
man with dark shirt in work gloves and a helmet that has a yellow flashlight attached .
neut	the man with a helmet is working on a project .
neut	a man working on a fire for a job .
neut	the man is wearing a helmet and is working on his job
neut	a man is wearing a helmet and working on his break .
cont	a woman with a helmet is wearing a helmet and a helmet .
enta	the man is wearing a helmet
enta	a man is working
enta	man with a yellow shirt , doing a shirt
neut	the man is a carpenter in a yellow uniform .
neut	the man is getting ready for work for the day .
cont	a man is singing with a blue tool .
cont	a man is trying to climb a tree in the sun .
cont	a woman is wearing white gloves .
cont	the man is wearing a dress outside
enta	a man with wet gear wearing a helmet ready to be carrying .
enta	there is a man who has a yellow shirt .
neut	a man is slipping on the side of a building .
neut	the man is trying to putting a flashlight from the basement .
neut	a they won the helmet on a year safety .
cont	the man is pouring a small dog .
cont	he is an animal lying
cont	a man is working on a brand mustang .
cont	the man is wearing a black shirt .
enta	a man is wearing a helmet and pointing .
man walking with tall buildings with reflections behind him .
neut	the man is a farmer
neut	a man is walking to a store .
neut	a tall human walking
cont	man is on a boat .
cont	the man is walking with his wife .
cont	the man is sitting .
enta	the man is walking down the street .
enta	the man is walking with a buildings .
enta	there is a man walking with a man
enta	a man is walking .
neut	a man is taking his lunch break .
neut	the man is going to work .
neut	the man is preparing for a date .
cont	a man with a lot of flowers is sitting in the sand .
cont	the man is sitting in the kitchen .
cont	a man in a blue shirt is jogging .
cont	a man is walking through the forest .
enta	the man is looking at something .
enta	a man is traveling by buildings .
enta	the man is gazing at something
neut	a young man is walking inside a building and taking a picture .
neut	a human is walking with a child of the church .
neut	the man is walking to get a wedding .
cont	a man on the beach , reading a book .
enta	a man is going to a wall .
enta	a shirtless man is walking with his buildings of a poverty .
a crowd of people with a lady with a bright orange shirt and another lady in black have their backs to the camera .
neut	a crowd of friends pose for a picture .
neut	they are taking pictures of the camera .
neut	the woman is the woman 's father .
cont	a man and woman are playing basketball .
cont	two men are fighting .
enta	two people are taking a picture together .
enta	two people with a black shirt
neut	the woman and woman are at the university
cont	a family is watching tv
enta	two woman are on a camera .
neut	a mother and wife watch to take a picture of the camera .
cont	a man and a girl are standing before a dance .
cont	four people are standing by the court together .
cont	the women in purple are meeting by the red coat .
enta	a crowd of people are standing up .
enta	a woman and two people are gathered in a picture .
a black dog running in the snow by some trees .
neut	a dog is chasing a ball .
neut	the dog is running to catch a ball .
cont	a dog is sleeping in his bed
cont	a dog is sleeping on the ground .
cont	a dog is sleeping .
enta	the dog is outside .
enta	a dog is running in the snow
enta	there is a dog in the snow .
enta	a dog running outside .
neut	the dog is outdoors with his owner outside .
neut	a black dog is trying to find his owner for a stick .
neut	a dog is about to run .
cont	the deer are not white .
cont	a white dog is carrying a stick to the moon
cont	a black dog has a white dog
enta	a black dog is playing with trees .
neut	a doberman is throwing another horse by the snow .
neut	the dog has a golf ball on .
cont	the horse is being played in a desert .
cont	a dog is going to go swimming .
enta	a dog runs in the snow .
enta	a dog is running with an animal on .
enta	a couple is outdoors watching a animal .
enta	the dog is outside looking at the snow .
a lady and a man are on stage dancing with flexibility .
neut	a lady and man are dancing to get to the concert
neut	the man and woman are dancing to a crowd of people .
neut	the husband and wife are dancing on stage .
cont	the stage is empty
enta	the lady and man are dancing together .
enta	a lady dancing
enta	a man and a woman are dancing with a man
enta	the lady and man are dancing
neut	a couple was dancing for the audience .
neut	some people dancing in a ballet performance .
cont	the man and woman are looking at the stars .
cont	two goldfish are riding bikes down the street .
cont	a man is drinking beer
enta	the group and people are performing on stage
enta	a man is on stage
enta	the lady performed with a man .
neut	a lady and wife are dancing at the concert .
neut	a woman is at a fair holding dress .
cont	a nude woman watching the big go towards the ceremony .
cont	a woman and kid is eating a sandwich .
cont	a man is trying to throw only a good of color .
enta	two people stand near their dress with their dance
enta	a woman is landscape with a music , and another .
a man in red and black about to strike a tennis ball .
neut	the man is playing tennis with his friends .
cont	a man eating a sandwich .
cont	a woman in red and black tennis .
cont	a woman in red and black looks at a tennis ball .
enta	a man is playing tennis .
enta	a man with a tennis racket
enta	someone is playing tennis .
enta	a man is playing tennis
neut	a man is playing a game in the living room
neut	the man is has his head on his team .
neut	a man is having a tennis match in a tennis match .
cont	the woman is sitting up .
enta	a man is playing tennis .
enta	a person wearing red grabs a tennis ball with a tennis ball
enta	the man is kicking a tennis ball .
neut	a man is about to be a competition .
cont	the man is playing volleyball with dog
cont	a man is about to catch a bowling ball .
cont	a man is on a couch
enta	there are a man in red and white running a tennis ball .
enta	a man is shooting a sports ball .
the brown and black dog has his mouth open .
neut	the dog is playing fetch with its owner .
neut	a dog is playing
neut	the dog has a toy in its mouth .
cont	a dog is chasing a cat .
cont	the cat has a toy .
cont	the dog is chasing a cat .
cont	a dog is sleeping on a bed .
enta	the dog is brown .
enta	dog with mouth
enta	the dog is brown .
neut	the dog has a nose and a nose .
neut	there is a dog in the middle of the field .
neut	the dog will win the stick
cont	dog eats a bone
cont	the dog is green and white .
cont	the cat is all indoors
cont	the dog sat on the couch
enta	animals has an animal .
enta	there is an animal playing .
enta	the dog is wearing a brown outfit .
neut	a treat chews on the monkey table .
cont	the dog is running from the field with his mouth .
cont	two cat has fighting foot by a fire .
enta	this dog is catching two animals .
a person throwing a yellow ball in the air .
neut	someone is playing basketball .
cont	the person is playing basketball with his friends .
cont	a person is sleeping in a chair .
cont	a person is sitting on a bench .
cont	a person is sleeping .
enta	a person is throwing a ball
enta	a person is in the air
enta	a person is throwing something .
enta	the person is in the air .
neut	the person has a yellow ball going to the game .
neut	the man is going fast .
neut	the pass of an old person is wearing a yellow shirt .
neut	person fielding a ball being watched .
cont	the person is sitting in the bleachers .
cont	a person in a yellow and yellow ball is eating lunch
cont	a person in a bikini is swimming home .
enta	a person plays while a ball .
enta	a person tossing a ball in the air at a ball .
enta	a person is playing with a ball .
neut	a person is trying to get home from give a ball .
neut	the person is going to fire by a purple ball .
cont	a person is reading a bank from london .
cont	a person is doing ducks by the fire .
cont	a person is on a top away .
enta	a person is throwing a ball up .
enta	someone is throwing a ball in the air .
enta	a person have wet , in the air ,
two young girls are playing large stringed instruments behind music stands , with a window in the background .
neut	two young girls play music for a crowd of people
cont	the girls are playing the piano .
enta	two girls play music with a instrument instrument on a rock .
enta	two girls are playing music .
enta	there are two girls playing music outside .
neut	some girls are playing instruments at the park .
cont	the girls are washing the window .
cont	the boys are driving .
cont	two girls are sleeping together .
enta	there are two girls singing .
enta	there are two young girls
neut	children are playing for an audience
neut	two women are playing rock games .
cont	the people are watching a sports game .
cont	the boys are playing drums during a snowstorm .
enta	the girls are playing with their instruments together .
two people are walking down an isolated road .
neut	two friends walk down a road in a city .
cont	two people are sitting in a car .
cont	there are people sitting on a bench in the park .
enta	two people are walking outside .
enta	some people are outside .
enta	the people are walking .
enta	two people are walking
neut	two people going on the walk and are wearing matching shirts .
neut	a couple of guys are walking towards a building
cont	the people sit alone watching tv .
cont	two dogs are chasing each other .
cont	two people running in a race .
enta	the people are outside walking .
enta	a couple is walking in the road
enta	there are two people in the road .
neut	the people are on their way to each other .
neut	the people are flirting up while working .
neut	some friends are walking down the road .
cont	one of the people are sitting down .
cont	the people are jogging in a filled marathon .
enta	two people are walking down the road .
enta	some people are walking down the road .
enta	there is a stone and people outside
enta	some people are walking along the road .
the elderly bus driver opening the door for a passenger who needs to get off .
neut	the driver is a man
neut	the driver is about to go to the top of the bus .
cont	a bus driver is sitting on the ground , drinking a beer .
cont	a man sits on a bench waiting for a bus .
cont	the bus driver is driving a car .
cont	a man rides a bike through a field .
enta	a person is opening a door .
enta	a person is opening a door .
enta	there is a bus driver is not a woman .
enta	a person is outside .
neut	the bus driver is waiting for the bus to work
cont	a woman is riding the bus
cont	the person is sitting inside .
cont	the driver is outside
cont	a car cruises to a bus .
enta	someone is outside waiting on the phone .
enta	there are two bus cars .
neut	a street that stops for an attractive parked driver .
neut	an priest watches the train to get out of a place .
cont	a woman is setting a busy only crossing .
cont	a man is on a beach , with their destination gear .
enta	a car is going on the door .
a man painting in front of a storefront , his paintings are displayed .
neut	a man is painting a picture for his family at a museum .
cont	a man is sleeping in his bed .
enta	a man is painting in front of a store
enta	a man is painting .
enta	a man painting .
neut	the man is painting the children for dinner .
neut	the man is a construction worker .
neut	the man is painting a mural for a painting .
cont	a man is painting on a school bus .
cont	a man is taking a shower
cont	a man is washing his painting .
enta	a man with art is standing on the sidewalk .
enta	the man is painting in front of art .
neut	a man is painting a red shirt .
neut	a man is painting a picture of the same bank .
cont	a girl is swimming under the pool .
enta	a man painting at art .
a costume worn by this little boy is making him feel a little insecure .
neut	the little boy is doing a trick
neut	the little boy is a cowboy
neut	a boy is doing a trick on a costume .
neut	a boy is doing a trick
cont	a boy is swimming in a pool
cont	a boy is playing with a dog
cont	the boy is playing with a dog .
enta	a boy is being watched .
enta	a child is being watched .
enta	a child has a costume .
enta	a child is making a face .
neut	a little boy is visiting the ocean .
neut	the little . over a person in a costume costume is trying to get into
neut	a boy is getting his first time of his boy .
neut	a little blond boy is dressed as as a little boy with his mother .
cont	a child is not eating a sandwich .
cont	the dad is on the grass
enta	a boy participating in a costume .
enta	a small boy is shirtless
neut	the boy is trying to get a silly picture .
neut	a boy and young boy are too cleaned
cont	a girl is dusty and not a model .
cont	a mouse is trying to go towards the sun .
cont	the young boy is giving a quick protest .
enta	the boy is making a view .
two women are riding motorized bicycles through a street .
neut	they are going to work
cont	the women are sitting in the living room .
cont	two women are riding bikes
enta	women are outside .
enta	a couple of women are outdoors .
enta	two women are riding bikes .
neut	a young woman is going through a busy street
cont	two woman are walking along the street .
enta	woman and her bike ride through a street .
enta	a pair of women riding a bicycle outside .
neut	the two women are riding their bike to a cafe .
neut	two women are practicing a demonstration for their new instruments .
cont	two men are standing at a beach side .
cont	two women are riding their motorcycle in a field .
cont	two women are riding a fake cars .
enta	two women riding bikes in a street .
a man in a white t-shirt and blue shorts is rock climbing up a sheer face
neut	the man is climbing up a cliff to get to the ground .
neut	a man is climbing a mountain .
neut	a man is rock climbing up a cliff to get to work .
neut	a man is rock climbing up a mountain .
cont	a man is sleeping on a couch .
cont	a man in a white t-shirt and blue shorts climbs up a painting .
cont	the man is sitting
enta	the man is outside .
enta	a man is climbing up a face face .
enta	the man has a face .
neut	a young man is working to reach the top of a man .
neut	the man is climbing a cliff .
neut	an angry man on top of a rock .
neut	the man is working on a project .
cont	a man in a black suit is surfing at the beach .
cont	the man is studying inside .
cont	a woman fixes the man 's head .
enta	a man makes his climbing climbing .
neut	a man is working on climbing a mountain .
neut	a man is trying to get air to destroy .
neut	a man is bending up to catch a pole .
cont	a woman is wearing a red dress and in red .
cont	a man in a white t-shirt leaps down a hill .
cont	a cow dressed in black paints a tennis ball .
cont	the woman is climbing down a rock wall .
enta	a man is climbing along a rock climber .
a person climbs a cliff face in the woods while others watch .
neut	a man is climbing a cliff with his friends .
neut	the person is climbing a cliff with his friends
neut	a person is climbing a cliff with his friends .
cont	the person is walking his dog
cont	a person is sleeping on the floor .
enta	a person climbs a cliff with people watch .
enta	a person is in the woods .
enta	the person is climbing a cliff .
neut	a man with a shirt jumps a cliff at a park
neut	the climbing was good .
cont	a man climbing a tree in the middle of the ocean .
cont	a female is swimming
enta	a person climbing on a cliff .
neut	a person is checking a mountain move in the woods .
cont	a man is on top of a mountain dive .
cont	the man is on a blanket smoking
cont	a person is taking a cloud in the hell .
enta	a person is climbing a cliff with others .
enta	a person is looking at a cliff .
two women in bathing suits climb rock piles by the ocean .
neut	the women are playing with a toy outside .
neut	the women are playing in the ocean on the beach .
neut	two women are climbing rocks in the ocean on a sunny day .
cont	the women are playing basketball .
cont	the women are playing in the sand .
cont	two women are climbing a mountain .
enta	two women are climbing .
enta	there are people in the ocean .
enta	women are climbing rocks in the ocean .
neut	two young women in bathing suits are friends
neut	two rock rocks in line are preparing for a competition .
cont	two women naked .
cont	the two women are running down a mountain .
cont	two people are running from the ocean .
enta	the girls looking at the water .
enta	the women are in an ocean .
enta	a couple of women are in their water while swimming .
neut	two women are looking at the lagoon in front of a calm shore .
neut	two women are getting ready to cross a lake .
neut	two women went their ball to a dangerous hillside by .
cont	two women are gossiping on a sandy beach .
cont	two women are sitting on a couch
cont	the women are swimming watching the canyon .
cont	two women are washing toys in front of a sea .
enta	a group of women are climbing wood in the ocean .
a woman in a striped shirt posing for the camera while another woman holding a drink looks on .
neut	a woman and a woman are smiling .
neut	two women posing for a picture at a wedding
cont	a group of people are dancing .
cont	the women are not holding anything .
enta	two women are posing for a picture .
enta	there are women in a striped shirt .
enta	the woman is posing
neut	the woman is a girl .
neut	a women is holding a photographer at the park
cont	a woman in a striped shirt takes a break at the beach
cont	the cat is chasing the rabbit .
enta	a woman in a striped shirt takes a photo of a women .
neut	the woman is taking the photo while enjoying a couple of dinner .
cont	a woman and her daughter are swimming in space .
cont	the woman is a blue shirt .
cont	the women only stuck by the eating cake .
enta	a woman calls to take a drink while another woman .
two women wearing skirts and heels walking down a sidewalk .
neut	the two women are walking to the store .
cont	the women are wearing pants .
enta	women are walking down a sidewalk .
enta	two women are walking .
enta	the two women are walking .
enta	women are walking down a sidewalk .
neut	two ladies are shopping for a new dress .
neut	the women have just cooked .
neut	the women are shopping .
cont	women are walking along the beach .
enta	the women have jackets outside .
enta	the women are walking together .
enta	two women are outside .
enta	someone is walking down the sidewalk .
neut	two people are walk down the sidewalk waiting for a friend
neut	the women are discussing a walk to eat cheese
cont	there are women flying a kite .
cont	two women are reclining under a sand sand .
cont	two women are sitting inside of a bank .
enta	the women are outside with a sharp .
enta	two women stand up at the sidewalk
the motorcyclist race on the course .
neut	the motorcyclist is competing in a race .
neut	the motorcyclist is wearing a helmet .
neut	he is a professional .
cont	the motorcyclist is in the middle of the ocean .
cont	the motorcyclist is riding a bicycle .
cont	the motorcyclist is riding a bicycle .
enta	there is a motorcyclist race on the course .
enta	a motorcyclist is racing on the course
enta	a person is competing in a race .
neut	a cyclist is racing his bike home from the park .
neut	the motorcyclist is experienced in the middle of the race .
neut	a man in a race race is going down the course .
cont	the man is sitting quietly by the fireplace .
enta	a motorcyclist is doing a bicycle trick .
enta	a cyclist racing
enta	there is a bicycler on an public bike .
neut	the motorcyclist jumps to the left of a race .
neut	a motorcyclist is training jump on the mountain .
neut	a cyclist doing tricks on the swing during a race .
neut	the biker rides the motorcycle because the motorcyclist on high .
cont	a that of skater is laying on the ground .
cont	the racers slept on the ground while the other color .
enta	the bikers are driving in the air .
a middle-aged man is sitting indian style outside holding a folded paper in his hands .
neut	the man is holding a paper to his friend .
cont	two women are holding a paper .
cont	a man is sitting at a desk
cont	a man is holding a dog in his hands .
enta	a man sits outside holding a paper paper in his hand .
enta	a man is holding a paper .
enta	a man is holding a paper
enta	a man sits outside holding a paper .
neut	a man is listening to his home play .
neut	the man is taking in a break .
neut	an asian man sits next to a door with his hands to get to his
cont	a man is reading a book at home in his office .
cont	a man is pointing at a glass of paper .
enta	an old man is checking something .
enta	a man is holding a paper
neut	a man is in a business meeting while he plays .
neut	a man waits for his instructions to a concert .
neut	a man is taking a picture of the child .
cont	a man is sitting at a computer table .
cont	a middle-aged man is sitting in his room holding a rest .
cont	a woman is standing on her bathroom being drunk .
enta	a man is outside with his hands extended .
two women talking over a glass of wine .
neut	two women are talking about a couple
neut	the women are friends .
neut	the women are talking about the weather
cont	the women are eating at a restaurant .
cont	two men talk
enta	a couple of women are talking
enta	two women are talking over a glass of wine .
enta	the women are cooking .
neut	the ladies are talking about the weather .
neut	two young women meeting in the chinese restaurant .
cont	the women were standing in the field .
cont	the two men were looking for food
cont	woman walking around the pool
cont	the women are talking on the phone .
enta	there are women talking .
enta	two woman talking on a glass of wine .
neut	the woman are talking hanging the front red mess .
cont	they have falling on a frozen , wet .
cont	the women are sitting inside talking .
cont	a group of mimes are sitting in a room .
cont	two women are cooking dinner before a man .
enta	some women are talking in front of a glass .
enta	two woman is gathered towards the business
a lady rows a canoe filled with things .
neut	the lady is wearing a helmet .
neut	the lady is a professional boat .
cont	a lady is sitting on a bench in the park .
cont	the lady is sitting .
cont	a lady is sitting on the couch .
enta	there is a lady with a canoe .
enta	a lady is sitting in a canoe
neut	a lady is having fun about her favorite boat .
cont	a woman fighting .
cont	the woman is sitting on a beach .
cont	the man is sitting down on the bench .
enta	there are at least 2 people .
enta	a women is getting wet .
neut	a lady with a white boat is laying was in the ocean .
neut	a woman is carrying a large canoe .
cont	a woman is falling out of her vehicle .
enta	a woman and lady wearing a kayak
enta	a lady is under a canoe ,
two black dogs in the snow .
neut	the dogs are playing
neut	the animals are chasing a ball .
neut	the dogs are playing with each other .
cont	the dogs are playing in the mud .
enta	two dogs outside in the snow .
enta	there are two dogs outside .
enta	the dogs are in the snow .
neut	two dogs are having a much .
neut	two dogs are trying to get out .
neut	the two dogs are wet over .
cont	two cats play .
cont	the black dogs sit down in the grass .
enta	two dogs are outside .
enta	one dog carries snow .
enta	two black dogs are outside
neut	the angry dogs are going to get food .
cont	two dogs are running over a boat
cont	a dogs swimming in the sandy
enta	two gray animals on top in snow
enta	the dogs are in the snow .
a boy is outside jumping over a flower bush on a skateboard .
neut	the boy is doing tricks on a skateboard .
neut	the boy is practicing for a race
cont	boy is sitting on a couch
enta	the boy is jumping .
enta	a human jumping
neut	the boy is demonstrating the bend .
neut	the boy rides a skateboard to work .
cont	a kid is standing by his skateboard .
cont	the dog swims in the lake .
enta	a little boy is riding a skateboard .
enta	someone leaping over a flower
neut	the boy is trying to rescue a small stand .
cont	the boy is sitting on the steps with a .
cont	a boy is brushing a small stand .
cont	a boy is taking a picture of its sea .
enta	a boy is jumping up at the skateboard .
three women and a man interacting on the street .
neut	the people are talking about the people .
neut	the people are talking to each other on the street .
cont	three women and a man are playing basketball .
cont	a man and a woman are playing basketball .
enta	the women and the man are outside
enta	the people are talking on the street .
enta	there are people in the street .
neut	a group of kids are having a conversation about the other .
neut	two people are making funny faces
cont	four woman sit on the street next to a building .
cont	three men are having fun .
enta	the group is together .
neut	a man and a woman are distracted on the street .
neut	people take to do a photo day .
cont	a woman is running with another boyfriend on the street .
enta	a man and woman are putting on the street .
the little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street .
neut	the boy jumps into the puddle to get the puddle .
neut	a boy jumps into the pool to get the water .
neut	a boy is playing .
neut	the boy jumps into the puddle to get his first time .
cont	a boy is swimming in a pool .
cont	the boy is on the beach .
enta	a boy is jumping .
enta	the little boy jumps into the puddle .
enta	a child is outside .
enta	the boy jumps .
neut	a little boy is having fun at the beach .
neut	a small boy is having fun .
cont	the boy sits in the puddle sleeping
cont	the boy is standing up by the lake .
cont	the little boy is playing with dolls .
cont	a young child is swinging at a baseball game .
enta	the little boy is jumping .
enta	there is someone jumping into the snow
enta	a little boy is playing outside .
neut	a boy is jumping for a large bottom while she is wearing shorts .
neut	a boy is jumping into a large pool .
neut	a little boy in a little haired boy is jumping into the street .
neut	the boy is very about to jump into a large pool .
cont	a man is jumping rope in a small pool .
cont	the boy is feeding himself in front of a ladder .
cont	two little boy knows jumping in the middle of a large lake .
cont	the child is playing with cat in his favorite club .
enta	a kid is jumping in front of a puddle .
enta	a boy is jumping over the street .
enta	a small boy is jumping into the water .
enta	a boy is jumping through a puddle .
a group of people on the street dancing to a four men playing various conga drums .
neut	a group of people play music for a large crowd of people
neut	a group of people are playing for a band .
cont	the people are inside .
cont	the men are on a bench .
enta	people are dancing music .
enta	a group of people are playing musical instruments .
enta	a group of people are outside .
neut	some people do their job
neut	the men are performing a rock singer .
neut	three people are performing for a large crowd for a crowd .
neut	a group of people are at the party for a concert .
cont	the men and women are in a pool .
cont	a group of people are skateboarding on the beach .
cont	a woman was performing with a group of men .
enta	a group of people are clapping
enta	a bunch of people in leather shirts are doing a performance .
neut	the tourists are going to slap music .
cont	a group of children are watching a movie during the bit of dance .
cont	the group of people are playing football sand .
enta	a group of people are dancing tricks .
enta	a group of people gives their instruments together .
a inside view of an apartment showing 2 couches and a coffee table .
neut	the apron is a tourist
cont	the chairs are not to the table
cont	the table is empty
enta	the table is being given by a table .
enta	the people are sitting .
enta	there is a building
neut	a shop sale with cookies and a new building .
cont	the person is watching tv .
cont	a view of a car in the ocean .
cont	there are no chairs in the corner .
cont	a little boy holds ice cream
enta	an art with a drink is on a table and a couple is cooking .
enta	the picture contains a table of furniture .
neut	this one points from the graffiti table and views their signs .
neut	a couple has just ready for a club of beer .
neut	the coffee restaurant has a corn table .
cont	the restaurant does not have been made out of produce .
cont	a man is playing baseball while a dog prepares to go .
cont	a papers of wine off in an empty house
enta	a buildings has a bunch of produce .
enta	a man outside the store are indoors .
enta	the person is handing out food .
enta	there are many people in the city .
two people ride yellow motorcycles .
neut	there are people riding motorcycles to the park .
cont	the people are on a boat .
enta	the people are outdoors .
enta	the people are riding motorcycles .
enta	two people are riding motorcycles .
enta	the people are riding motorcycles .
neut	a couple of people riding motorcycles in a competition .
neut	two people riding motorcycles are getting ready to ride bikes .
cont	the boys are not wearing sunscreen .
cont	two people are surfing in a pool .
cont	the two people were at the beach
cont	three people climbing a tree .
enta	two people ride motorcycles .
enta	two people riding motorcycles are on their motorcycles .
enta	there are people near motorcycles .
neut	five people are going to bicycles in chicago .
neut	four people are racing on a dirt day with their jobs .
neut	two people are working under an umbrella ritual .
cont	two boys are sleeping in the kitchen .
cont	two people are riding a red motorcycle towards the elevator .
cont	them are dancing in the park .
enta	two people climbs at their bike .
the woman is holding up the line with the fish that she caught in the lake with her bamboo fishing pole .
neut	the woman wants to catch fish while the other look on .
neut	a woman is fishing for her friends .
cont	the woman is swimming in the lake .
cont	a woman is sitting on the ground .
cont	the woman is swimming in the lake .
cont	the woman is sitting on the beach
enta	the woman is holding up a fish
enta	woman is holding a fish and fishes
enta	the woman is holding a fish
enta	a woman is standing in a lake .
neut	a woman is practicing for her fish .
neut	a woman with her hair have feet .
neut	a woman watches the birds for the day today .
cont	the woman walked down the water pole .
cont	a woman taking a shower .
enta	a woman holding her fish .
enta	a female is holding a fish fishing by a lake .
neut	them are very going to sea in a boat .
neut	a woman is trying to cool a fish .
neut	a woman is looking over an ugly fishing item .
cont	the woman hangs in the water with the spoon .
enta	a woman with her toes is fishing in the water .
a man being shown running in a black suit , running for haiti .
neut	a man is running for a race .
neut	the man is running for a marathon .
neut	a man is running for a marathon .
neut	the man is running to catch a ball .
cont	a woman is running
cont	the man is swimming in the ocean .
cont	a man takes a break from his house
enta	a man is running
enta	a man is running .
enta	the man is running .
neut	a man running a first race .
neut	a man is about to win the race .
cont	a skateboarder is taking a turn on the beach .
cont	a woman tosses the ball .
enta	a man is running .
neut	a female is running for a route .
neut	the man has a truck before they run .
neut	a man is texting his mom and running .
cont	a man is taking a walk down the snow .
cont	the man is bowling at the dock .
enta	i was is running while a man running .
enta	a man is outside , before which weather .
enta	there is a man wearing a black dress running .
a girl with a cigarette in hand and a guy with a green hat wave at the camera .
neut	the people are smiling .
cont	a girl with a green hat is playing with a dog .
cont	the girl has a kite .
enta	a girl has a cigarette .
enta	the girl with a green hat is holding a camera .
enta	a girl is holding a cigarette .
enta	a girl is holding a cigarette .
neut	the girl enjoys the photo with her friend .
neut	a girl wearing a baseball cap and a guy in a green hat holding a
cont	a girl is wearing a baseball cap and a light green hat .
cont	the group of people are taking a nap .
cont	the woman is sitting on the camera .
enta	a girls is on a camera .
enta	a girl is holding a cigarette and a guy in the picture .
neut	a little dog is getting ready to go with a bag .
neut	the girl is trying to shoot the camera .
neut	a young girl and man standing at the camera during lunch .
neut	the sally displayed on the camera for the girl happy .
cont	a barista was blue into the bowling section .
cont	a pair of people lounge at the market during a date .
cont	a dirt girl is walking down the sidewalk .
enta	a girl surfing in the camera that a girl .
a young boy in a black tee-shirt stands on the corner as two men parallel to him are engaged in some activity .
neut	the man is a professional .
neut	the two men are trying to get to the store .
cont	they are playing in a field .
cont	two men are playing a game of scrabble at a table .
enta	two men are working on a corner .
enta	a boy is standing on a corner .
enta	a group of people are outside .
enta	two men work on a corner .
neut	a man is performing for his girlfriend at the state fair .
neut	a boy is on the corner with his friends
cont	the men are running in the park
cont	a young man is frowning while two men are crying .
cont	a woman is watching men sit down to get into a field .
enta	the men are outside
enta	the men are near the police .
neut	there are people who are working in a pile .
neut	a boy has been working for the morning on a dirt path .
neut	the boy is learning to stay how to go beside the door .
cont	a boy put into her room with the men on .
cont	the girls are traveling to movie an opera .
enta	a policeman is standing on the corner with two men .
enta	three people looking over the corner of a corner .
a group of woman wearing scarves on their heads crowd together next to a building .
neut	a group of women are waiting for a bus to start .
cont	the women are wearing red sweatshirts and their hands in the kitchen .
enta	there are women in a building .
enta	a group of women are wearing shirts on their heads .
enta	a group of women are wearing shirts
neut	several women are waiting for someone to finish .
neut	the group of women are going to play music .
neut	a group in blue tank in front of a building .
cont	the women have no legs .
cont	a woman in white showing off the crowd at the bar .
cont	the woman is not in line
enta	some people are talking in front of a building .
neut	a woman is happily and telling to make a complete .
neut	the two women are trying to get out of their building .
neut	the women are in the street waiting for a concert .
cont	a group of women wearing jeans are sitting by a building .
cont	a woman is laying with an empty bowling drummer .
cont	an woman is shooting a heart out of
enta	a group of woman wearing scarf perform near a building .
two women stand on a beach and perform stretches or yoga together , facing towards the water and away from the camera .
neut	two women perform a play for a large group of people at the beach .
cont	two women are sitting on a bench in the desert .
cont	the women are swimming in the ocean .
cont	two women are playing with a string of sand and watch the camera .
enta	the women are in the water .
enta	the women are outside
enta	two women are standing on the beach and holding their hands .
neut	the women are competing in a competition .
cont	the women are sleeping next to the water .
cont	the people are standing still .
cont	the woman were skating
enta	the women are outdoors .
neut	a large woman plays about the summer to surgery on a beach .
cont	they are having a picnic in the moonlight .
cont	the men and toddlers are laying in the bathtub .
enta	multiple person are with their color in the air .
enta	two women are admiring in the water .
a guy pointing at a giant blackberry .
neut	the guy is pointing at the huge net
neut	a guy points at a giant fork for a friend .
neut	the guy points to his girlfriend .
neut	a man points at a giant bill for a group of people .
cont	a guy is looking at a drill .
cont	the man is swimming in the ocean .
cont	the fire is empty
cont	a man is looking at a text .
enta	the man is pointing at the giant net .
enta	a guy has a craft device .
neut	the man is a gymnast .
neut	the man is looking at a funny pile woman .
cont	the guy is lying down at the park .
cont	the man is sleep
enta	the man is looking at something on the
enta	a guy is watching a guy
neut	a man is admiring his side in a toll .
cont	a guy is staring at the restaurant .
cont	a guy is shouting at the police restaurant .
cont	a guy prepares to jump a nap .
enta	a man is crossing the front of a chain .
a view down the train tracks in a large city .
neut	the train is a train to a long time
neut	the train is in a city late .
cont	a view of a subway railroad is looking at the sky .
cont	a dog eating
enta	there is a person in a train tracks .
enta	the train is on the train tracks .
enta	there is a train track in the city .
enta	the train tracks are being used
neut	there are train to the park .
neut	the busy railroad tracks on a railroad tracks
cont	a man is standing on the desk .
enta	a bunch of people riding in a train tracks
enta	a large is waiting for a train on a train tracks .
neut	a lady is juggling a train lights .
cont	a bus is flying by the highway .
cont	a nicely on railroad lines in a car .
cont	a parent against the multi-colored train are fighting .
enta	the train blocks up and are on the train tracks .
enta	the man is a train by the train .
two girls are in line about to order at a mexican eatery .
neut	the girls are all friends .
cont	two girls are at a bar having a picnic .
cont	two girls are in line at the grocery store .
enta	the girls are in line .
enta	two girls are in line
neut	girls on their lunch .
neut	two girls have a conversation about the day .
cont	the two girls stand on the floor
cont	the two girls are sitting down .
enta	girls on a street together .
enta	one of the girls in line .
enta	one people gives a food
neut	two girls are hungry at the asian candy .
neut	the three young girls are trying to do n't they stand .
neut	a doctor creates his mother who is in line .
cont	two girls run around the arena holding a japanese .
cont	two guys are getting ready to take a shower .
enta	girls were looking at a market .
the man is walking the bride down the aisle .
neut	the man is walking to the bride
neut	a man is walking to the bride on his way to work .
cont	a woman walks into her wedding dress
cont	a man is walking on a beach .
enta	a man is walking a bride .
enta	the bride is outdoors .
enta	a man walks the bride down the aisle .
enta	the man is walking
neut	a man is going to a wedding party
neut	the bride is traveling the bride .
cont	a man is standing still alone
cont	a man runs across the beach .
cont	the man is naked
cont	an old man is sitting down with a crowd .
enta	a man is walking with a bride .
enta	a man is walking
neut	the men is close to some mountains .
neut	a man is carrying a doll of the same couple .
neut	a man is taking a dress during the wedding .
neut	a man is about for the wedding while on vacation .
cont	the woman is running her favorite church from .
enta	a man is walking past a wedding .
enta	a man is looking at some wedding .
enta	a man is walking in the courtyard .
a woman wearing a white baseball cap purple coat holding a poster .
neut	a woman holding a poster for her mother .
neut	a woman is holding a poster for her mother .
neut	she is waiting for her husband to arrive .
neut	the woman is a farmer .
cont	a woman holding a cat .
cont	a woman wearing a red hat holding a poster
cont	a woman wearing a red hat is holding a poster .
cont	a woman is wearing a green coat .
enta	a woman is wearing a hat .
enta	a woman is holding a poster .
enta	the woman is wearing a hat .
enta	a woman is holding a poster and holding a poster .
neut	the woman is james .
cont	the man is jogging .
cont	a boy shoots a pack of people in the backyard
cont	the man is wearing an orange coat .
enta	the woman is holding a poster
neut	a woman is holding a picture and just tackled .
neut	the woman is selling off a picture .
cont	a woman is holding a puppy inside of a friend .
cont	a woman hugging a picture in the monkey costume .
enta	a woman is wearing a white and white baseball .
enta	there is a woman wearing a white and yellow sweater .
enta	the woman is holding a pink and white vest .
a young boy carries a green , white , and red flag and walks next to a woman .
neut	a boy is carrying a green and red flag and his mother .
neut	the young boy was holding a green flag and his friend .
neut	the woman is holding a large flag .
cont	a young boy is playing with a dog .
cont	the boy is sleeping in his bed .
cont	the boy is playing with his dog
enta	a young boy is carrying a green flag .
enta	a boy is walking
enta	a person is holding a flag .
neut	a boy is pushing a boy to the first time
cont	the girl walks in the park
cont	the boy is painting a tree
enta	a young boy with a flag is walking past a woman .
enta	a boy is holding his flag .
neut	a boy stops to a lady and walking on the side of a road .
neut	a boy is shopping for a car as they
cont	a man with jean blue and green flag is jogging in a forest .
cont	the young boy held between another woman who has no flag .
cont	the boy is inside on the piano and like a burger .
enta	a boy is carrying an flag
in a girls basketball game she is shooting a foul shot
neut	the girls are playing in the basketball game .
neut	the girls are playing basketball in the gym for a game
cont	the girls are playing in the sand at the beach .
enta	a girl is playing .
enta	a girl is playing a game .
enta	the basketball teams are playing a game .
enta	the basketball teams are playing a game .
neut	the basketball players are excited .
cont	the girls were in the grass
cont	a little boy playing with his baseball field .
enta	the girls are blocking public .
enta	people are wearing basketball uniforms .
neut	the young girls wear green for a basketball league .
neut	the girl way hit a shot in the middle of a basketball game .
cont	the teams have on the beach together .
cont	a girl gets ready to hear at the other man .
cont	the naked basketball player are holding his football .
cont	a young guy is leading his parent 's play outside .
enta	a little girl has something on play in a game .
a woman on vacation enjoying a vanilla ice cream cone .
neut	a woman is making a pie with her friends .
neut	a woman is making a pie with her friends .
cont	the woman has a red head .
cont	a woman is sitting on a bench
enta	a woman is holding a knife .
neut	a woman is at the wedding .
cont	a women is taking a nap
cont	a girl is raking her own .
enta	there is a cold dog with ice cream cone .
enta	a woman reads the ice cream cone .
neut	a woman is preparing to eat with a cinnamon ice cream .
cont	a woman is golfing calmly .
enta	a woman is holding a glass ice cream .
five adults are sitting on stone steps .
neut	a group of people are sitting on the steps of a white house
cont	some people are sitting on a couch .
cont	adults are sitting on a couch .
cont	there are people sitting on a couch .
enta	there are five adults .
enta	there are five adults sitting outside .
enta	the adults are sitting outside .
enta	a group of people are sitting outside .
neut	the six people were friends .
cont	four people are laying on the steps of their house .
cont	the adults are standing on the steps .
enta	four adults sitting on a stone steps .
enta	four people are looking at a steps .
neut	three adults are helping to bring out of the steps .
cont	the several adults sit on the beach beach .
cont	the adults are sitting at the table .
cont	three teen walk down a brick steps .
enta	five people are sitting on the steps
guy playing the guitar on a bench with another man watching him .
neut	a band is playing a guitar .
cont	the man is playing the drums .
cont	two women play guitar on a bench with a man watches .
cont	the man is playing the drums .
enta	a man is playing music .
enta	the men are watching another man .
enta	a man plays guitar
enta	two men playing instruments on a bench .
neut	the man is a professional .
cont	the guy is sitting on the beach
cont	the man is making a meal for his family .
cont	the man is a woman with a band .
enta	a man is playing his guitar .
enta	a guy with a guitar is playing the guitar
enta	a man is playing a guitar .
neut	the man is very strong on a play .
neut	a man with an old , shoulder practices for the guitar .
cont	three boys are performing dressed in the street .
cont	someone is playing drums in front of a little living .
enta	a man is playing a guitar .
enta	a pair of people are playing an instrument .
man in a blue shirt practicing karate .
neut	the man is a professional karate .
neut	a karate student is doing karate .
neut	a man practicing karate for his friends .
cont	a man is playing basketball
enta	the man is doing karate .
enta	a man is practicing karate .
enta	a man doing karate
enta	a man doing karate
neut	the man is a teacher .
neut	a karate arts karate karate in his white karate .
neut	a man is getting paid on martial arts .
cont	the man rides a bicycle
cont	the man is at the beach
enta	someone is wearing a blue shirt .
enta	the man raises them .
neut	a elderly man is training a karate kick .
cont	nobody is trying to tackle the ground
cont	a woman wears a blue shirt
cont	the man is inspecting up his right foot .
enta	a man is thinking under his ears .
enta	a man in a blue shirt and blue is cycling .
enta	a man is martial his martial pose .
a lady looks to her right and holds a mini camera .
neut	a lady is taking a picture of her daughter
cont	a lady is sleeping on the floor .
cont	a man is looking at his head and holding a camera
cont	the lady is sleeping in her bed .
cont	the lady is sleeping
enta	a lady is holding a camera .
enta	the lady is holding a camera .
enta	the lady is holding a camera .
neut	a lady in her home holds a camera with her friends for her wedding .
neut	a woman holding her camera to her husband .
neut	a lady is wearing a red costume and holding a camera .
cont	the woman is eating the sandwich .
cont	the lady is sitting in the audience .
cont	there is a man getting his picture taken .
enta	a lady looks to see her arms .
enta	a lady is pointing her back .
neut	a woman does wearing a bike show at the festival .
neut	a lady in a wedding smiles during a costume .
neut	a lady is dressed as a santa is fascinated .
neut	a woman plays as he wants to help out with her .
cont	an orange lady is wearing dog uniform and is standing .
cont	a man is engaging in his favorite camera .
enta	the women has used tubes .
persons standing underneath an arch way .
neut	the people are standing in a park
neut	the people are waiting for a bus .
neut	people standing on a side of their way to work .
cont	people are watching a movie
cont	nobody is standing
cont	a dog is playing with a ball .
cont	the people are sitting on a couch .
enta	people standing
enta	people standing on a side of side of the structure .
enta	a group of people standing together .
enta	there are people standing on a stone
neut	the soldiers are working with the same color .
neut	they stand in front of a cathedral .
neut	men in front of a deck of a building .
cont	the citizens are building a snowman .
cont	no one is standing in front of a metal object .
cont	two men are going in a taxi .
enta	the people stand near each other
enta	an african people are standing .
neut	the people are outside the side pick and took .
neut	new new people are about to make money in front of the stars .
neut	the teen is a big wave , large large group .
cont	a man is feeding a blank of girls .
cont	the people in the speedos are working on their skateboard .
cont	the performers are performing a skit on the sidewalk .
enta	people are standing together on board .
people standing around a busy outdoor market .
neut	a group of people are buying fresh fruit for a market .
neut	people at a market are shopping at the market .
cont	the people are sitting in a chair .
cont	the market is empty with people .
cont	people are at the mall .
enta	there are people standing outside .
enta	people are outside .
enta	people are at a market .
enta	the people are standing outside .
neut	they are cheering for the first time .
cont	a few people are doing handstands in an empty market .
cont	there are no dogs gathered in outdoor outdoor event .
cont	a boy is flying an airplane in the mountains .
enta	people are gathered .
enta	three people stand near a market outside .
neut	humans portrait on a warm the market
cont	the people are sitting on the water and shaking .
enta	you line are near the market
enta	some people wait outside the market market .
woman being photographed near a bicycle .
neut	a woman is taking a break .
neut	a woman is taking a picture of a bicycle .
cont	a woman is sleeping in bed .
cont	a woman is sleeping on a bench .
enta	the woman is not standing by a bike .
enta	a woman is outside .
enta	a woman is standing near a bicycle .
enta	a woman is standing outside .
neut	there is a woman riding a bike to work .
neut	the woman smells the bicycle .
cont	a female with her photo taken is riding a motorcycle .
cont	a man is riding his motorcycle down the street .
cont	a dog is skiing down a hill .
enta	a person is riding her bike .
enta	a woman is looking at the bike .
neut	the woman is putting her neck .
neut	the woman is bored because he fell in the bicycle .
cont	a woman passed by a model into the street .
enta	a woman is doing something to balance a bike .
the rockettes perform on the street in front of radio city music hall , as well as next to a cop car .
neut	a group of people at a concert
neut	the people are at a concert
cont	the people are watching a movie in the hall .
cont	the police is driving the police station
cont	the people are watching a movie
enta	the man is on the street
enta	a police officer is on the street
neut	the burglar is performing .
neut	musicians performing for a crowded crowd .
neut	a large crowd is cheering for the police station .
cont	the skateboarder is taking a nap on the street .
cont	the group is sitting in the cafe watching tv .
cont	the crowd was at the local park .
enta	joggers are performing on a street at a city .
enta	the group is standing on the street .
enta	a group is on a vehicle .
neut	a firemen 's wrote of people are competing with listen to their solo .
cont	a couple stand in front of the lights of bushes .
cont	they are sitting made boogie bars
enta	a person sits on some city street
a person walking uphill from a construction zone .
neut	a person is walking to a party .
neut	the person is walking towards a building
neut	man walking to work
cont	a person is swimming in a pool .
cont	a dog walks from a construction area .
cont	a person is walking on a beach .
enta	person walking
enta	a person is walking
enta	the person is walking .
enta	a person walks to a construction area .
neut	a man is showing the construction worker 's shirt is a new .
neut	a person lost his first race
neut	a man with a phone is walking through a construction area
cont	the person is hiking up a mountain .
cont	the person is laying a bridge in the park
enta	a person is spending time with a construction slope .
enta	a person is traveling as the area is .
enta	a person is on the ground
neut	a person is walking on the new area during his work .
neut	a person is walking home on a construction path .
cont	a man is riding a construction field .
cont	a person is walking part a church .
cont	the person in a shorts , riding a car .
enta	a person is walking across a construction area .
a boy in a blue life jacket jumps off a board into the lake .
neut	the water is very hot .
cont	a boy is playing basketball .
cont	a boy jumps off a bridge .
cont	a girl is sitting on a couch .
enta	a boy jumps into the lake
enta	a boy is jumping
enta	a boy in a jacket jumps into the water .
enta	a boy in a jacket jumps into the lake .
neut	the boy is a farmer .
neut	a boy getting hit by a lake .
cont	a girl swims in the water .
cont	the boy 's sweater was pink and white .
cont	a boy puts his back in his room with his family .
enta	a boy jump into the water
enta	a kid is jumping off a board .
neut	a boy is jumping off the sand to see a friend .
cont	a boy is skating while a baseball stadium .
cont	the boy is riding a pink roller coaster .
cont	the boy is sitting on the beach bench .
cont	the boy did a flip in his room .
enta	a boy is jumping into a lake .
enta	a boy is jumping at the lake .
a man and a woman smiling at a crying baby .
neut	the couple are having a conversation about their family .
cont	two men smiling at a baby .
cont	the man and woman are sitting in the park .
cont	two men smiling
enta	two people are smiling at a baby .
enta	the people are crying
enta	two people are smiling .
neut	a man and his wife are talking to each other at a wedding .
cont	a man is sleeping as his woman and a child watches .
cont	the man and woman are kissing in the field .
enta	a man and woman are looking at a baby .
enta	two people have their hands .
enta	a woman and a man have a baby
neut	a fat man and woman brushing their baby in a little girl .
cont	the old man is reading a book .
enta	there was a man and a girl , smiling .
enta	a woman and woman are smiling
a dirt bike rider riding through the woods over logs .
neut	the dirt bike rider is competing in the woods .
cont	a person is riding a bike in the middle of the street .
enta	a person riding a bike .
enta	a dirt bike rider is outside
enta	the rider is riding through the woods .
enta	the person is in the forest .
neut	a bmx racers racing down the dirt road
neut	a dirt bike rider is doing tricks on a red bike .
neut	a bike rider getting ready to go on the bike .
neut	a rider getting his job for a race .
cont	a bmx rider is going down a dirt bike .
cont	the dirt bike rider is sitting down .
cont	someone is walking with a child .
enta	someone is on a dirt bike .
enta	the dirt bike rider is riding a dirt bike in a dirt path .
enta	a dirt bike is running .
neut	the groomed bike to a race competition .
neut	the cyclists are being pulled to finish other balls .
neut	a mountain rider is driving a dirt bike .
cont	the biker is in the middle of a wooden field .
cont	the dirt bike is flying over a trampoline .
enta	a dirt bike is driving through a forest .
enta	a bicycle rider is on her dirt bike .
two young men in unusual clothing are jumping in a gym .
neut	two men are jumping in a gym for a crowd .
neut	two young men are jumping in a gym for a birthday party .
cont	two young men are playing basketball .
cont	two men are playing volleyball on the beach .
enta	two young men are jumping in a gym .
enta	the men are jumping in the gym .
enta	two men are jumping
enta	there are two young men in the gym .
neut	two young men are getting ready to swim .
neut	two young men wearing red shirts .
cont	the men are gardening .
cont	the men are standing near the moon .
enta	two young people are on a gym .
enta	two young men are in a gym .
neut	the men are finishing a turn
neut	two men are trying to ride a billiards .
neut	two young men are jumping from a gym holding to win .
neut	the motorcycle is well a guy .
cont	two men are fighting in a conference pool .
enta	there are two young men together one in gym .
a man is wearing blue button down shirt talking to media during a crowded protest .
neut	a man is talking to his wife .
neut	the man is talking to his wife .
cont	a man is playing a game of poker .
cont	a woman talks to a protest at a protest .
enta	a man talking on a street .
enta	the man is talking
neut	a man is making a wedding party .
neut	the man is taking a break from working at the local location .
neut	a man is conducting a japanese campaign on a city street .
cont	the woman is sitting .
cont	a man is working in a pool
enta	the man is working on the streets .
enta	there is a man in blue addresses a crowded crowded public public
neut	the man is hungry to put into a crowd .
cont	a man is talking at the newest phone .
cont	a man eats having a walk near the road .
enta	a man and 2 2 on a protest .
a young child wearing a pink top is with a female adult .
neut	two young people are playing with a girl with a girl .
neut	the child is playing with a girl .
neut	two people are playing with a girl .
cont	a father and son are playing with a girl .
cont	a young girl is playing with her dog .
cont	a young man wearing a pink top .
enta	a child with a girl .
enta	a child is wearing a pink top .
enta	two children are together .
neut	a mother and daughter are preparing for the class fights .
neut	a woman is playing with her child .
neut	the woman and her daughter are in the park .
neut	the woman is holding her children .
cont	the mother is snowboarding
cont	the man and girl are watching tv .
cont	a young child is trying woman 's bed .
cont	a group of children are eating pizza .
enta	the little kid is wearing a top and a girl .
enta	a female is wearing a top .
enta	someone has her hair in the photo .
neut	a young child with a , blonde girl wearing pink is hugging by .
neut	a child is taking a selfie with her mother .
neut	an unusual young child is looking at the world position .
cont	the mom is asleep in the bedroom posing .
enta	a blond child is playing with a pink face .
enta	a young child in the pink top sits and
a man jumps on another man while a crowd looks on .
neut	the men are wearing red
cont	a man is sleeping on a chair .
cont	a man is sleeping on his couch
enta	a man jumps on another man .
enta	the man jumps on another man .
enta	a man jumps on another man
neut	the crowd dances in front of the man .
neut	several men are on the same team .
neut	a man is performing for his audience
cont	a dog eats his lunch .
cont	a man and a woman are scuba diving at a lake .
cont	the man sat in an office to the woman on the couch .
enta	man with a crowd of men .
enta	the man has an item .
enta	one man is playing with another man .
neut	a man broke in a large crowd on a performer show .
neut	a man is playing his father on a nice day .
neut	a man is skating as a cowboy to record .
neut	the man is going to play a handstand .
cont	a guy is shooting with her arm at the country .
cont	a man hits a dog to the market .
enta	a man gets ready for a crowd of people .
girl plays with colorful letters on the floor .
neut	the girl is playing with her birthday party .
neut	a girl plays with a cell phone .
neut	girl plays with her birthday party
neut	a girl plays with her birthday party in the park .
cont	a girl is eating a sandwich .
cont	a girl is sitting on a couch .
cont	a man on a beach .
enta	a human playing
neut	the girl sits with her sister and playing with the books .
neut	a girl playing with some two different beautiful on the floor of a school .
neut	a girl playing with toys on the floor .
cont	the girls are eating .
cont	the young girl is making cookies .
enta	a girl is making some decorated children .
enta	the girl is making a gesture .
neut	a girl is wearing a wet suit .
neut	a girl is playing with a fancy game .
neut	a girl is with her hand just worked on the floor .
cont	the girl is all wearing anything .
cont	a girl is eating at a kitchen table .
enta	a girl is being photographed by a yellow light .
two men and one woman are performing music on a stage .
neut	they are playing in a band .
neut	the people are performing for a crowd .
cont	the people are playing the piano on stage .
enta	three people are performing .
enta	there are people in a stage .
enta	there are people on stage .
neut	their team is sweating .
neut	3 people in a large crowd singing
cont	six men are singing to a crowd of men .
cont	they are alone outside .
enta	some musicians are performing
enta	men on a stage .
enta	a man and woman are performing a play .
neut	two people dressed from bears are performing an loud rock .
neut	a woman plays about at a festival
neut	two people are preparing on a set comedy .
cont	two men face into anything on a stage .
cont	two men are dancing in the park
enta	the men are performing at a concert .
enta	she and a women are performing in celebration .
enta	two men and woman are performing a performance .
a man with a hooded sweatshirt bows his head in a cathedral .
neut	a man with a sweatshirt is trying to get his head to the library .
neut	a man is holding a large painted jacket .
cont	a man has a red shirt .
cont	a man is wearing a black shirt
enta	a man with a shirt .
enta	the man is wearing a sweatshirt .
enta	the man is wearing a sweatshirt
enta	a man with a sweatshirt is with a man .
neut	a man is wearing a ninja ninja
neut	the man is old .
neut	the sweatshirt the man is a master .
cont	the man does not have a sweatshirt .
cont	a man is fighting his head in a church
cont	the woman wearing a blue shirt is fighting .
cont	a man is sleeping at home .
enta	a man is carrying something .
neut	a person is talking at the man .
neut	a man smiles in front of a building that is very colorful .
cont	a man is praying before his head on a dance show .
cont	a man is watching a movie standing outside .
cont	a guy is wearing a green shirt .
enta	a man with an picture is next to something a rectangle .
enta	a man is pointing his head in a church .
a small girl is unwrapping a green present with toys strewn around .
neut	the girl is in the toy shop
neut	she is preparing to play with her toys .
neut	the girl is wearing a dress .
cont	the girl is sleeping .
cont	a small girl is eating a sandwich at a restaurant .
cont	a small girl is crying .
enta	a small girl is eating a green dress .
enta	a girl is looking at toys .
neut	a girl makes a red dress to her new home .
neut	the girl is the woman 's friend .
cont	a little girl is making the red toys in the kitchen .
cont	a little girl is inside the house .
cont	the girls is eating ice cream .
cont	a small girl cooking dinner .
enta	a girl is with some toys .
neut	a girl is putting something to a friend .
neut	the girl is making medieval clothes .
neut	a girl monitors something to some street him .
cont	the girl is punching to each other in the streets .
cont	a girl tosses a red chainsaw .
cont	a young girl is laying a bowl of toys .
cont	the girl is holding a tree and duck .
enta	a girl is working with some things .
enta	a kid is near the store .
a female swimmer getting out of the pool still dripping wet .
neut	a female swimmer is getting ready to start .
neut	a female swimmer is wearing a helmet .
neut	a female swimmer prepares to start .
cont	the female swimmer is sitting .
cont	a woman sits on a chair .
enta	a female swimmer is in the pool .
enta	a female swimmer .
enta	a female swimmer .
neut	the swimmer is the boy 's good .
cont	the man is not wearing a blue costume .
cont	the female swimmer is walking down the street .
enta	a female swimmer is watching the pool
enta	the swimmer is water .
neut	a female person is wearing an orange jumpsuit .
neut	a sad female person is wearing a competition to start for a competition .
cont	the cheerleader is leading a plane before position .
cont	a worker in the students are taking a break .
cont	the woman is sad at home in the pool .
enta	a female swimmer is going to get water .
a woman wearing a vertical striped top , sitting on a bench beside a telephone booth in a train station .
neut	the woman is waiting for her husband to come out of the train .
neut	a woman sits on a bench waiting for her friend to arrive .
cont	the woman is wearing a green shirt .
cont	the woman is standing near a phone booth .
enta	woman sitting on a bench
enta	a woman sitting outside .
enta	a woman wearing a hat is sitting on a bench in a station .
enta	the woman is sitting down .
neut	a women in a bar is talking on a bench
neut	a woman waits for the train to take in the train station .
cont	a woman wearing a bathing suit is walking through the forest .
cont	a man is next to a lake .
cont	this woman is running through a field .
enta	the woman is sitting outdoors .
enta	there is a women outdoors
enta	a woman is sitting on the bench
enta	a woman traveling by a train station .
neut	a woman is sitting at a very fun weather .
neut	a woman is waiting for platform a backpack .
neut	the woman is reading a shirt shirt from her brother .
cont	a woman is taking a walk in the front beach .
cont	the woman is standing past a neighborhood .
cont	the woman wearing a plain boat is seated .
enta	a woman is waiting , sitting on the bench with an umbrella .
enta	a woman is crossing a crowded bus .
enta	a woman with a suit looks is sitting on a bench waiting .
enta	a woman is using an directions on transit vests .
a man in a black shirt opening his mail .
neut	the man is waiting for his iphone .
cont	a woman in a black shirt is eating .
cont	a woman gives a phone while on a phone .
cont	a woman is on a phone .
enta	a man gives a phone .
enta	a man is on a phone .
enta	there is a man in a black shirt .
neut	a man who is not waiting for his tour to arrive .
neut	the man is going to work .
cont	a man is working on his phone while he is driving the bus .
cont	the man was resting on the bench .
cont	a man is crying while playing with his friends .
enta	a man getting a phone .
neut	the man is a navy out of town .
neut	a man is receiving a box after an iphone .
cont	a man is bringing out a pie .
cont	a man in the black shirt stand at a table .
enta	the man in black has a piece of product .
a male gymnast from romania , wearing all red , holding himself vertically while upside-down on rings suspended in the air .
neut	the gymnast is doing a trick for a crowd .
neut	the gymnast is doing a trick for a crowd
neut	a man is doing a trick for a crowd .
neut	a gymnast performs for a crowd .
cont	nobody has a hat
cont	the man is swimming in the ocean
cont	a woman is holding a bat .
enta	the gymnast is doing a trick .
enta	the gymnast is doing a trick in the air .
neut	a male gymnast is practicing his new dress .
neut	the male gymnast is performing for an audience
cont	a gymnast is holding a gun at the bar .
cont	the man is pitching in a field .
cont	a gymnast is taking a nap on the couch .
cont	the gymnast is wearing blue swim trunks and is leaping into the air .
enta	there is a gymnast in the air .
enta	a person is in the air with a man .
neut	the dancers are sad about their day .
cont	a naked person is falling out of the air .
cont	the man in the red uniform is playing with tricycles .
cont	a female rollerblader is driving in a small field .
cont	a man in purple has just kicked a basketball .
enta	a young guy is taking out of the air .
enta	he is dressed as a china
a dog chasing a deer in a field with yellow flowers .
neut	a dog is playing with a ball
cont	the dog is chasing a cat .
cont	a dog is sleeping in the grass .
cont	a dog is sleeping on the floor .
enta	the dog is in the field
enta	the dog is running .
enta	a dog is playing with a field
neut	two dogs are chasing each other in a field .
neut	a dog chases sheep for the first time .
cont	the deer was grounded .
enta	the climbing dog is not present .
enta	a dog is getting wet .
neut	a dog is throwing flowers from a tree .
neut	the dog is very put on a squeaky .
neut	a dog wearing a nice shirt is chasing a calf .
cont	the dog is both jumping across the field .
cont	a dog is jumping in a sink .
enta	a dog is carrying the cane that is playing a field .
a woman shielding her face from the sun with a colorful umbrella .
neut	a woman is trying to make a date .
neut	a woman is trying to get a cold weather .
neut	a woman is wearing a black shirt .
cont	a woman is painting a picture .
cont	a woman is swimming in the ocean
enta	a woman with a colorful umbrella is looking at her face .
enta	the woman is holding an umbrella .
enta	a woman doing her face
enta	a woman is using a object
neut	a woman in her wedding costume holds her face from the sun .
neut	the woman is going to go in the woods .
neut	the woman likes to keep her face .
cont	a woman waters in the sun .
cont	a man is trying to make a woman out of the sun .
cont	a man is painting his room
cont	a woman in a green shirt dances .
enta	person using an umbrella .
enta	woman is outside .
neut	the women is about to be making away .
cont	the woman is grabbed herself to the sun .
enta	a woman is hanging at the sun .
enta	a woman in a umbrella gives her face .
enta	a woman is near the pink shade .
two people here are wearing something around their necks .
neut	the two people are waiting for a taxi
neut	two people talk about their day .
neut	two friends are looking at their wedding .
cont	a couple of people are looking at the sky .
cont	the people are sitting in a chair
cont	two people are sitting in a chair
enta	people are looking around their eye
enta	two people looking around .
neut	two friends are working out at the gym .
neut	a woman is performing for the people .
cont	the people is looking at a car .
enta	there are people wearing hats and watching two people .
enta	there are two people dressed alike .
neut	people are getting ready to go past a green person .
neut	two men are putting out a thing .
cont	two people passed in a circle with their ears .
cont	the people on the couch are smiling at each other .
enta	two people are looking in from directions .
enta	two people are present in an holding others .
a climber in a red shirt is scaling a rock face whilst being watched by another man in a white shirt .
neut	a climber looks for his friends
cont	the man is at the beach
cont	the man is climbing a mountain in a yellow shirt .
cont	a man sits on a bench waiting for a friend .
enta	a person is watching a rock on a rock face .
enta	two people climbing rocks .
enta	a climber is looking at a rock .
neut	a rock climber climbing the rock is .
neut	a tall human climbing
cont	the man is eating an apple .
cont	a man is on a beach
enta	someone is near a rock .
enta	two men are being pulled by a man .
enta	a person is helped up an object .
neut	a boarded woman is preparing to get on their heads for the reason .
neut	a man is rock working on the mountain looking on .
cont	a ballet man is swimming in alaska
enta	there is a female on a rock face .
riot police are standing in the background while a young man with a red scarf covering his face is walking .
neut	the police are at a parade .
cont	two people are sitting in a car in the city .
enta	the people are standing
enta	there are people standing outside
enta	the people are standing
enta	the man is walking
neut	a man on the police are waiting for a bus to get to the fire
neut	police officers are talking to a young man at the police station
cont	a naked child on an empty , truck
cont	the boy is cooking dinner in the school
cont	no one is part of a protest .
enta	several people wait at the cross of the fire .
neut	a young police officers with jackets are walking to the airport .
neut	the police are flashing and look at it
cont	the people in the park are singing .
cont	the couple is on top of a room
enta	a police person is carrying a man .
two children standing in the grass being sprayed by a hose .
neut	the children are playing in the grass
neut	two kids are playing outside
neut	the children are playing with a hose he has been outside .
neut	two children play with a hose he can be seen .
cont	the children are playing in the sand .
cont	the children are inside .
cont	two men standing in the grass .
enta	there are children outside with a hose .
enta	children standing in the grass .
enta	there are children standing outside .
neut	two sisters stands in the grass .
neut	two kids are trying to catch a fish during a day .
neut	a group of school children look in the grass
cont	two children watch a movie .
cont	the children are running down the street .
enta	two kids with a hose , are standing .
enta	two kids are carrying a hose .
neut	the children are standing on the grass with paint .
neut	the children are outside to fix a bubble .
cont	the children are washing in a pipe .
cont	two people are sound while a pig in the sun .
cont	two children are standing at the weather street .
enta	the children are inspecting holes in the grass .
enta	two children are standing very near a drying pile .
four older men are playing musical instruments in a park by a wall in traditional costume .
neut	the men are playing instruments for a band .
neut	the band performs for a crowd .
cont	three men are sitting in a restaurant .
enta	the two men are playing instruments in a park .
enta	there are men playing music in a park .
enta	the men are playing instruments .
enta	four older men are playing instruments in the park .
neut	four men are wearing black and is bowling .
neut	men in hawaii costume play music
neut	four older men are playing for a concert they just finished a music festival .
cont	some ladies are playing drums in a park .
cont	the group of men are watching tv on the couch .
cont	a bunch of guys are eating lunch .
cont	four men are climbing .
enta	some men are performing at the park
neut	the people are preparing to play drums in a park .
neut	a group of young men member in their matching to a hoop .
neut	some men are having a concert in front of a wall .
cont	the two people are having a fight of a military bear .
cont	those of the men are n't sitting
cont	five old men are dancing in an outdoor park .
cont	three men run up the house before seen .
enta	three people playing instruments in a park .
one military man executes a combat move on another outside a gated facility .
neut	a military man helps a dog to get to the workers .
neut	a man prepares to make a face for a picture
neut	a man is trying to get a better person .
neut	a man prepares to play a game .
cont	a military man is watching a movie
cont	the man is sleeping
enta	a person in a military
neut	the military man is about to go on the first time
neut	the utility worker is sweating .
neut	a guy walks up the street to his friend .
cont	a woman throws a ball on a banana .
cont	the man is giving a speech on the street .
cont	the army man is watching a movie about the fire .
enta	there are some people holding the another .
enta	the man is using his nose to the ground
neut	the soldier is trying to call a joke .
neut	the man is holding a fireman top .
cont	sad man is standing on a park streets .
cont	a church poster is holding a large iron .
cont	the man is making a race run .
enta	a bicycle guy is being photographed by a couple .
a man playing a unique violin while looking up at the ceiling .
neut	a sad man is playing a violin
neut	a man plays a violin for a crowd .
neut	a man is playing a violin in a band .
cont	the man is playing a guitar in a band .
cont	the man is playing the piano while his audience cheers .
cont	a man is sleeping in his bed .
cont	a man is sleeping .
enta	a man is playing a violin
enta	the man is playing a violin .
enta	a man is playing music .
enta	a human playing
neut	the man looking at a piece of blue hair is a man .
neut	the structure is a man and a woman .
neut	a man is trying to win his new cello into the ceiling .
cont	a boy trying to get a bath while watching tv .
cont	a man is asleep in his bed
enta	a man plays an instrument on the ceiling
enta	a man is going up the ceiling
neut	the person is with a country hat play .
neut	a man plays his recorder for a band play .
cont	the boy is quietly playing a game .
cont	a man plays the guitar in a park .
cont	a man is trying to run a tractor .
enta	a man is playing a cello .
enta	a man is playing an instrument .
a girl in green looks at the camera and stands in front of a huge crowd of indescript faces .
neut	the girl is taking a picture of a crowd of wildlife .
neut	the girl is taking a picture of a crowd of wildlife .
neut	the girl is a professional photographer .
cont	the girl is wearing a red dress and holding a camera .
cont	the girl is wearing a red dress .
enta	the girl is holding a camera .
enta	the girl is in green
neut	a girl is posing for a picture in front of a crowd .
neut	the camera is for the first time .
neut	a girls is standing with a crowd about a crowd about about the camera .
cont	the man is indoors .
cont	a girl is watching tv
cont	the boy is alone in the kitchen .
enta	the girl is staring at a camera .
enta	someone is at a camera .
neut	the girl is saving to take a picture of puppies .
cont	a girl is giving her cowboy away from a baseball game .
cont	the girl is out in the park , eating tea .
enta	a girl has a picture of a young crowd in front of others .
enta	a girl is looking at the camera while other kids nearby .
the wrestler in white shorts is preparing to body slam his opponent in black shorts while the referee prepares to jump in .
neut	the man is preparing to play a trick for a trophy .
neut	they are playing in the olympics .
neut	the wrestler is a professional .
cont	two wrestlers are preparing to play a game of scrabble .
enta	the wrestlers are playing music together .
enta	two wrestlers are preparing to jump .
neut	the an describing all are about to win .
neut	the yankees 's neck is white .
neut	the player is the other team .
neut	the man just finished the game and hit the game .
cont	an athlete is cooking a tennis match .
cont	a man is winning his golf .
cont	an athlete is baking a cake .
enta	the boxers play
enta	a man with black shorts is trying to score a goal .
neut	the bald athlete is performing for the help of a world .
neut	a performer did in trouble for a show during his final .
cont	john attack attack during the match .
cont	the lady attends the final circle while playing players .
cont	a man is feeding alone in his outfits .
enta	there are snow of sport practicing in preparation .
the police officer riding a horse is talking to a man riding a bike .
neut	the man is a cop
cont	a man rides a horse in a field .
cont	a man rides a horse in a field .
enta	the police officer is talking to a man .
enta	two police officer is talking to a man riding a horse .
enta	the police officer is talking .
neut	a man is getting his owner won
neut	a man is herding his horse for a competition .
cont	the officer is at home sleeping
cont	a man is eating at a car .
cont	a police officer is at the movies
enta	a officer is participating in a horse drawn a bike .
enta	the officer in a officer with a horse .
enta	the two police officers are together .
neut	the police officer is competing with a horse .
neut	the police officer poses to ride their horse .
cont	man breaking a horse a man
enta	the police officer is someone on a horse .
a group of females are sitting down on a bench .
neut	the women are sitting down on a bench in the park .
neut	a group of women are sitting down on a bench in the park
cont	people are standing on a bench .
enta	a group of women are sitting on a bench
enta	there are women sitting on a bench
enta	the women are sitting .
enta	the women are sitting down on a bench .
neut	some women on a bench waiting for something .
neut	these women are sitting under a tree watching the sunset .
cont	some guys are outside playing cards .
cont	the group of people are standing .
cont	three women are standing on a bench .
cont	the girls are driving a bus .
enta	the group of men are sitting in a bench .
neut	the group of guys are sitting calmly down by their dad .
neut	some dressed people are sitting close to fix a bank .
cont	a group stood on the bench while hiking .
cont	a group of soccer dogs are running down a street .
enta	the women are sitting on the court .
two cheerleaders in red an black are standing on the shoulders of other cheerleaders in front of a red curtain .
neut	cheerleaders are performing for a group of cheerleaders
neut	the cheerleaders are performing for the cheerleaders
cont	two cheerleaders are standing on a chair .
cont	the cheerleaders are in the desert .
enta	two cheerleaders are standing on the same cheerleading .
enta	a group of cheerleaders is standing on the ground of a red fabric .
neut	cheerleaders going home from school .
neut	cheerleaders are going up and play
neut	the cheerleaders are playing for the military .
cont	some cheerleaders are sitting on the couch and holding a black and black team .
cont	cheerleaders are walking home .
enta	several cheerleaders in yellow are performing a trick .
enta	cheerleaders stretching each other on the surface .
neut	splash jugglers are trying to make the yellow wings .
cont	a bunch of cheerleaders are dancing in the rain .
cont	two males are riding the stationary down the road .
enta	the two boys in red are doing physical activity .
enta	two schoolboys are outdoors on a nice day .
an man wearing headphones observes an older man performing his guitar on a public street bench .
neut	the man is performing for a crowd of people .
neut	the man is performing for a crowd .
neut	a man is performing for a crowd of people .
cont	a man is playing a guitar in his room while his wife sings .
enta	a man performs a song .
enta	a man plays guitar on a public street bench
enta	the man is playing guitar on the street .
enta	the man is performing a song on the street .
neut	an old man is practicing a guitar guitar .
neut	someone is getting ready to play guitar on the bench .
cont	a woman is performing a song with friends .
cont	a man riding a guitar to work .
cont	there is a women playing guitar for money .
cont	a man watches a woman play the guitar
enta	the man is in a city .
enta	a man wearing clothing is being working on a street street .
neut	the man is trying to get out of his drummer .
cont	a army man is about to run a bible .
cont	a man is playing on a new couch .
cont	the man is strumming playing on the street corner .
cont	an old man is sitting on a rug with someone holds guitar .
enta	the man is playing guitar for his guitar .
enta	there are at people playing instruments together .
the girl in yellow shorts and white jacket has a tennis ball in her left pocket .
neut	the girl is playing in the olympics .
neut	the girl was playing tennis in the park with her mother .
cont	the girl is playing with her dog in the park .
cont	the girl is playing with her dog in the park .
cont	the girl is playing basketball .
enta	the girl has a tennis ball in her hand .
enta	the girl is playing a sport
neut	a girl wearing yellow shorts is at a tennis cup .
cont	a girl in blue shorts and white pants is a basketball player .
cont	a guy is holding an axe .
enta	the girl wears clothing and brown and white .
neut	the girl is practicing for a big game .
neut	a girl wearing shorts is playing a game of racket .
cont	a young girl is mud under the floor of a magician .
cont	a young girl is playing with a red bra .
enta	a girl is outside playing tennis .
two guys are on a baseball field and one is about to hit the base.a group
neut	the guys are playing baseball on the field
neut	the men are wearing red shirts .
cont	the men are sitting in a car
cont	two men are playing basketball .
cont	the men are playing basketball .
enta	there are two men on a baseball field .
enta	two guys are playing baseball .
enta	two guys are on a baseball field
enta	a man and a men are playing baseball .
neut	the men is doing a cannon ball .
neut	a boy is ready to hit a baseball
neut	the guys are standing in a field during a game .
cont	the two boys were in the basketball game
cont	the girls are in their home and play a sport .
cont	the couple sits quietly in the living room .
enta	a man stands with a group of people .
enta	two men with a group of men are performing .
neut	men are going to play a baseball game .
cont	two ladies are playing baseball in a field .
cont	two guys are sitting under the shade outside .
cont	two guys sit in a baseball field bowls .
enta	the boys are balancing .
enta	two men are near a baseball team .
enta	there are two guys on a baseball field .
two men , two children , and a woman all sitting down near a stand filled with purses .
neut	two men and a woman are sitting down in the city of the bar .
neut	a family is sitting down with sunglasses on a cloudy day .
neut	the two people are at a bar .
neut	a family is sitting down with sunglasses on a cloudy day .
cont	the people are sitting in a chair .
cont	the people are sitting on the ground .
enta	people are sitting near a stand .
enta	there are people outside .
enta	a group of people are sitting near a stand in a stand
enta	people are sitting near a stand .
neut	the three people and the women are waiting for the bus .
neut	a bunch of people and two kids are at a bar .
neut	the man and woman are talking to their children in a mall .
cont	the woman and two kids are running around a track .
cont	three ladies are standing around a building with their shirts .
enta	some people sit in front of a car .
neut	the guys are trying to eat another of dogs .
neut	the lovers are putting on a structure
neut	the men are getting take-out time
cont	two women and their child are climbing a tree .
cont	two people are standing in a small crowd .
cont	a group of two children sitting on the lawn where his dad .
enta	two people are beside a third 's building .
a man biting a candle while a woman holds a cake .
neut	a couple holding a candle to the birthday party
cont	the man is holding a baby in a fountain .
enta	a man is holding a candle
enta	the man is holding a candle
neut	a young man is standing in front of a woman 's birthday cake
neut	the man and women have a cake for their family .
neut	a little boy holds a candle and a woman and the woman is a success
cont	the man and woman are swimming across a lake .
cont	the man is cleaning his car inside the building .
cont	a man feeding a dog for a walk .
enta	a man with an bandanna is serving a woman
neut	a man is about to shoot a women that can be seen .
neut	a woman and a lady are presenting the large popcorn .
cont	a woman is drawing a drawing of sticks .
enta	the he is outdoors and on a wrapping .
a senior is waiting at the window of a restaurant that serves sandwiches .
neut	a man is waiting for his wife .
cont	the person is sleeping .
cont	a person waiting for a bus
enta	there is a person waiting for a restaurant .
enta	a person is sitting at a restaurant .
enta	a person is waiting for a food stand
enta	a person is waiting for a restaurant
neut	a man is putting out the window at a restaurant display his dinner .
cont	the bus inspector is standing at the restaurant .
cont	a school is at the grocery store .
cont	the woman works at home .
enta	a man is watching a restaurant .
enta	there is a guy at a restaurant .
neut	he is reading a place to make money .
neut	the british email is military for a heist .
neut	the performer is at the restaurant taking place .
cont	a person is standing with the stove on .
cont	a running bags is deciding to go by the store .
cont	a cat is inside all he wants to be electronic wine .
cont	the bears is shopping in the city .
enta	the restaurant is of a restaurant .
enta	a couple is relaxing at the restaurant .
a man is cooking pies in the oven .
neut	a man is making food for his family .
neut	the man is cooking a pie for his wife
cont	a man is eating a sandwich .
cont	man eating a cake .
enta	a man is cooking food .
enta	a man is cooking some the oven in the kitchen
enta	a man is cooking food in the oven .
neut	the man is celebrating his wife .
neut	a man is enjoying his food
cont	a man is sitting at the kitchen table .
cont	the man is reading a book .
enta	there is a man in his kitchen .
enta	a man is making food for a meal .
enta	a guy is making a meal
enta	a man is preparing food
neut	the man is outside wearing a favorite chicken plant .
cont	a man is cooking fish while of a good color .
cont	a crazy man is wearing a silk and he stole cooking .
cont	the man is working loudly in the living room .
enta	a man is cooking food .
enta	a man is cooking with his garden
enta	the man is using a bread dinner .
two girls are on a street sidewalk and one is sitting .
neut	the girls are sitting in the street waiting for the bus .
neut	the girls are waiting for the bus .
neut	two girls on a street sidewalk are talking .
neut	two girls are waiting for the bus to start .
cont	the girls are at the beach
cont	two girls are sitting on a bench .
cont	two girls are playing with a dog in a field .
enta	two girls are on a street
enta	two girls are sitting on a street sidewalk .
enta	the girls are sitting down .
enta	two girls are on a street sidewalk
neut	the girls are having fun .
neut	the girls were waiting for their parents .
cont	the girls are at home sleeping .
cont	nobody has trees .
enta	several people on a street .
neut	two girls are about to play in front of a fire .
neut	two girls are getting ready to go to soup .
neut	4 girls on the street going shopping .
cont	three boys sit at the sidewalk in a forest .
cont	the two girls are eating cake in camp .
enta	the girls are taking place around the crosswalk .
enta	there are two boys outside with the girls .
a young man wearing a gray shirt standing outside a wooden structure smiling and making a fist with his right hand .
neut	a young man makes a face for a show with his hand
cont	the young man is making a sand castle .
enta	a man is making a noise while wearing a gray shirt .
enta	a young man is standing outside a statue with a hand .
enta	the man is doing a move .
neut	a guy is going to go .
neut	young man is holding his brother
neut	a young man is about to eat the yogurt .
cont	the man is looking in a hole in the field .
cont	a kid is inside a house with his friends .
enta	a man stands next to .
neut	a man is touching off to grab a man .
cont	a young man is opening a boat with a large string .
cont	the young man is sitting at the table playing .
enta	a man has a nice knife else .
enta	a man is checking out his hand .
a thin man in a maroon shirt standing next to a pay phone .
neut	a man is waiting for someone .
neut	a man is on a bench
neut	the man is wearing a shirt and standing next to his friend .
neut	the man is a security for the first time .
cont	a man is wearing a blue shirt .
enta	the man has a shirt on .
enta	a man in a shirt is standing next to a phone .
enta	the man is near a phone .
enta	a man is on a phone .
neut	a man is looking for a smartphone book .
neut	a man with his head is parking his telephone booth .
neut	the man is about to ride a bus .
neut	the man is waiting for his wife
cont	a man is eating lunch at the local library .
enta	a man is standing next to an phone on a phone .
neut	a man is trying to do a model phone .
neut	a man gets wet under the cellphone .
neut	a man is trying to another phone as woman .
cont	the man is sleeping on a beach .
cont	a man is sitting quietly while a coworker sleeps .
cont	a man is climbing the same annoying phone .
cont	the man in a purple shirt is driving a car while a text .
enta	a man is standing next to a phone .
a rescue diver just getting out of the dirty water .
neut	the wakeboarder is getting ready to go swimming .
neut	the diver has just finished his job .
neut	someone uses a fishing diver on the beach in the water
neut	a diver has a wave .
cont	the diver is taking a nap in his car
cont	the diver is swimming in the ocean .
cont	a man is taking a nap on the beach .
cont	the diver is taking a nap in the sun .
enta	a person dives into the water .
enta	the person is outside .
enta	a man is getting out of the water .
enta	a man is getting out of the water .
neut	there are half fisherman in the surfing .
neut	a parachute lays is in the ocean because it is his favorite .
cont	a man is standing still in his room .
cont	woman driving on beach
cont	the person is at a ballet suit .
enta	a fisherman uses the water on the ground
enta	the fisherman surfing in the water .
neut	there is a diver going after a jump .
neut	the skydiver is helping his body fishing .
cont	a man is running with his dog at the lake .
cont	the construction workers is chopping up the fire .
cont	a fridge of trees are going out of the water .
enta	there is a fisherman catches up water .
enta	a task of water was outside .
a boy in a baseball cap jumps over a flight of stairs .
neut	a boy is playing with a ball .
neut	the boy is playing with a ball .
cont	the boy is playing basketball .
cont	a boy is sitting on a couch .
cont	a boy is sitting on a couch .
cont	a boy is sleeping .
enta	a boy is jumping over the stairs .
enta	the boy is jumping over the stairs .
enta	a boy jumps over the stairs .
enta	a boy is jumping over the stairs .
neut	a boy is outside jumping his school jumping over the stairs .
cont	this boy is enjoying a swim .
cont	a man is performing on the street corner .
cont	a boy is watching the woman play baseball .
enta	the boy is traveling by the stairs .
neut	a boy is jumping over a crane that is underway .
neut	a boy puts his girlfriend for a basketball bat .
cont	the boy is falling up the floor with his boat .
cont	a boy in a tent has no one leaning .
cont	a boy is sitting in a tree because he is there .
enta	a boy is jumping on stairs .
enta	a boy in a baseball cap and playing baseball in front of stairs .
enta	a young boy is outside playing .
a woman huge a fluffy white dog .
neut	a woman and her dog are playing with a dog
neut	the woman is a puppy and a dog
cont	the woman is holding a cat .
cont	the dog is black .
cont	the woman is holding a cat .
enta	a woman is holding a dog .
neut	the woman is having fun .
neut	the dog is looking for the woman .
neut	a woman is carrying her dog as the dog gets a bath .
cont	a woman watches a cat play .
cont	a boy drinking a duck
cont	the man walks with a white dog
enta	a woman sees her dog .
neut	the woman is a large dog .
cont	the woman is taking a walk by the plane .
cont	the dog is on least a cat girl .
enta	a woman is holding a dog hat .
a man in a plaid shirt and brown pants walking around town with one hand in his pocket .
neut	a man is walking to the store
neut	a man walks around the town with his wife .
cont	a woman in a plaid shirt walks around a town with her hand .
cont	the man is wearing a dress .
enta	a man is walking .
enta	a man is walking outside .
enta	a man walks around
enta	a man is walking around in a town .
neut	a man is getting his picture taken
neut	the man is scared .
cont	a man in a plaid shirt sits by his board .
cont	nobody is wearing a shirt .
enta	man in plaid shirt carrying two hands
enta	a man is walking through a coat outside .
neut	the man is in a way to go off .
neut	a man is going awake on a street corner .
cont	a man is wearing a striped shirt and tie .
cont	a man in a tuxedo is jogging between the street .
enta	a man is looking out at the gray of them .
workers are arranging a window and some lumber along the ground .
neut	the workers are fixing the window from the store .
cont	the workers are eating lunch in the restaurant
cont	the men are outdoors .
cont	workers are eating lunch .
enta	there are workers working on a window .
enta	workers are working on a window .
enta	workers are working on a window .
enta	there are workers working on a window .
neut	the workers are enjoying the cool .
cont	workers in a field
enta	the people are working outside .
neut	workers are taking back to meet a blue window .
neut	couples are getting ready to go out of a building .
cont	the constructions people are sitting inside the house .
cont	a worker is handling a garbage garbage .
cont	workers are racing donkeys through the highway
enta	a vendor is seen at a small store .
a man in a light pink polo shirt holds a flag splayed out in the air behind him .
neut	a tall human holding
neut	the man is a cop
cont	the man is wearing a green shirt .
cont	a man in a black shirt holds a flag .
cont	the man is in the desert .
enta	the man is near the flag .
enta	a person is outdoors .
neut	man is an a star .
cont	someone is watching tv .
cont	the man is eating cake .
enta	a man is holding a flag and a flag .
enta	a man wearing a shirt dances .
neut	a man wearing the shirts is holding a flag for a week .
neut	a man is badly a flag on the board .
cont	a man is tying his yellow animal in a field .
cont	a man is sitting down and is about to go into a restaurant .
enta	a man is wearing a flag cowboy .
a group of women are trying to sell their vegetable harvest .
neut	the women are selling vegetables for their family .
neut	the women are friends .
neut	a group of women are picking up fruit for the fruit .
cont	a man is selling vegetables
cont	the women are not wearing any .
cont	the women are not selling fruit .
cont	a man sits in a chair
enta	a group of women are picking something .
enta	women are selling fruit
enta	women are selling fruit .
neut	a group of ladies are about to make a new party .
cont	some women are waiting for a taxi .
cont	a group of women are selling stuff on the sidewalk .
cont	the men are painting their house .
cont	everyone is taking part in the park .
enta	a group of women are trying to find out for the fruit
enta	there are women using vegetables
enta	the women stand with vegetables
neut	a group of woman and pretty woman were ready to cut up vegetables .
neut	a group of women are going to a handmade fruit .
neut	people help onto an store for apples
cont	the women are drinking up of a fire .
cont	there are no women help for food .
cont	a woman is bored and running around their farmers .
enta	there are women looking at something .
a baby smiles while swinging in a blue infant swing .
neut	a baby is swinging in a blue park swing .
neut	the baby is swinging the baby 's house .
neut	the baby is swinging a slide .
cont	a baby is sleeping .
cont	a baby is sleeping in his bed .
enta	a baby is outside .
enta	the baby is swinging in the swing .
enta	a baby smiles while playing with a baby swing .
enta	a person in a blue baby .
neut	a baby kisses her baby in a baby he just ran down the street .
neut	the baby hugs to the baby .
cont	the baby is floating in the air
cont	the baby is not crying .
cont	the baby sits under a white bathtub .
enta	a baby is laughing
enta	the baby is in this picture .
neut	a baby is swinging and in a big seat .
neut	a stroller is happy with his baby 's back .
neut	the girl is spanking the baby on a swing .
cont	little child rode the top of a blue dolls .
cont	a baby is eating a tree in his neck .
cont	a baby is taking a nap down the floor .
enta	a baby plays outside .
a dog catching a frisbee .
neut	a dog is playing with his owner
neut	a dog is playing fetch .
cont	the dog is sleeping on the couch .
cont	a cat is playing .
cont	the dog is playing with a toy in the kitchen .
enta	the dog is playing with a frisbee .
enta	a dog is outside
enta	a dog plays with a frisbee
enta	a dog is playing with a frisbee .
neut	a dog is happy
neut	a puppy is playing with the other stick .
neut	the dog is chasing after a ball .
cont	the dog is resting by the fire .
cont	the dog is sitting inside .
cont	the dog is carrying an apple .
cont	the dog is sitting indoors .
enta	a dog in a frisbee
enta	a dog is jumping a frisbee .
neut	a dog 's jumps is wearing a red frisbee .
neut	the dog likes to get to the store .
neut	the puppy is running to his owner .
cont	a dog is feeding in the sun .
cont	a dog is running into the forest .
cont	a dog in a tracksuit falls while eating
cont	a dog is atop on a crocodile playing with yarn .
enta	a dog does some frisbee .
enta	a dog is performing a frisbee .
enta	a dog is getting a rope .
a man in a brown hooded sweatshirt outdoors with an upright bass , playing the strings with his fingers .
neut	a man is playing a song .
cont	a man is sleeping in a chair .
cont	the man is playing the guitar in a band .
cont	a man is sleeping .
enta	a man is wearing a shirt .
enta	the man is playing an instrument
neut	a man prepares to play his instrument for an audience .
neut	some guys are playing music on a street corner .
neut	the man is trying to look at his neighbor .
neut	the man is playing an instrument at a diner .
cont	a man is being eaten by a woman 's instrument .
cont	a girl plays instrument on a guitar .
cont	a dog in a brown shirt watches a concert
enta	a male musician is playing an instrument
enta	the man with the musician is a musician .
neut	a man is giving each other in a country metal guitar .
neut	a guy practices to ride a string tune
cont	a man is enjoying a saturday night with a mouse .
cont	the man has a pie on his head .
cont	a man is playing with a guitar .
cont	a man leaps in the public barrier .
enta	a person is under a age legs .
enta	a man is wearing a striped sweatshirt .
a black dog runs along the green grass carrying a toy in its mouth .
neut	a dog is playing in the green grass .
neut	a dog is playing fetch with his owner .
neut	the dog is chasing a toy .
cont	a dog sitting .
cont	a cat eating a biscuit .
cont	a dog is sleeping in a crib .
enta	a dog is playing outside .
enta	a dog runs outside
enta	a dog carrying a toy .
enta	a dog is outside .
neut	a dog is returning a toy red and blue .
neut	a dog is playing fetch with his owner .
neut	a dog chasing after a cat .
neut	puppy carries a toy in its mouth .
cont	nobody is carrying birds
cont	a black dog is chasing a cat down the street .
cont	the animal is climbing the tree .
enta	a black dog is chasing a toy outside in the grass .
enta	the black dog is on the grass .
enta	the black dog is outdoors
neut	a dog was running through a field very to be her dog .
neut	the dog is going to pick up the toy .
neut	a dog is running at the snow with toy .
cont	a black dog sits with black grass in its mouth .
cont	the dog 's dog is white and blue
cont	the brown dog is running away from the sidewalk .
enta	a dog is running with a toy .
enta	a dog is running with a toy .
a medium sized brown dog jumping
neut	the dog is playing fetch .
neut	the dog is playing with his owner
neut	the dog is playing with his owner
cont	the cat jumps over the ball .
cont	the dog is sleeping .
cont	the dog is white .
enta	a dog jumping
enta	a dog is jumping
enta	a dog jumping
neut	the dog jumps into a lake .
neut	the large dog jumps into the lake .
neut	a big dog is brown
cont	a cat jumps into a lake with a dog in a field .
cont	the dog eats a bone .
cont	a dog is standing still playing with a ball .
enta	the dog flying through the air .
neut	a puppy chases for a ride to catch a toy .
neut	a dog pulls at playing with it 's owner
neut	the dog is coming through the a brown object .
neut	a boy is jumping with their owner to catch a goat .
cont	a dog is taking a nap .
cont	the woman is taking a nap in the market .
enta	the little white dog is jumping .
a group of teenagers enjoying cooling off in a fountain of water .
neut	teenagers are getting ready to board a cold weather .
cont	teenagers are sitting in a cafe in the park .
cont	teenagers are playing with a ball
cont	a group of teenagers is sitting in a chair .
enta	teenagers are being wet on a fountain .
enta	the teenagers are outside in the water .
neut	the teenagers are going to work in a fountain .
neut	the teenagers are waitng to retrieve .
neut	a group of kids are watching the water while swimming in the water .
neut	a group of teenagers are inside the fountain with a large waterfall .
cont	a group is watching the sunset in the woods .
cont	some men are sitting at a table playing cards .
cont	a group of kids are learning how to ride a bike .
cont	a group of children are watching tv .
enta	the group of teenagers on the fountain .
enta	a group navigates after a water fountain .
enta	a group of teenagers meet to the fountain .
neut	the group of people are interested for a ceremony .
neut	the kids are preparing to start some flowers .
cont	a group of young people are helping instructions over a potato .
cont	the group did not rest from a jungle of water .
cont	crowds are between dogs running a house .
cont	bicyclists are attacking the lower of a fountain .
enta	a group gathered around with bubbles , in a fountain .
enta	a group of people watch to water with water .
enta	people are waiting for the water .
a construction worker is standing on a crane placing a large arm on top of a stature in progress .
neut	a man is waiting for his wife .
neut	a man is waiting for a large large broken large large tail .
cont	the worker is standing on a building .
cont	a worker is sleeping in his bed .
enta	the worker is standing near a crane .
enta	a construction worker is standing on a crane while a man is working .
enta	a person standing on a crane .
neut	the men are using a crane damage .
neut	the person is waiting to cross the house .
neut	a worker is about to get on a big day from work .
cont	the construction worker is sleeping
enta	there is a crane next to a construction worker .
neut	a worker is near a river going on to catch .
neut	a worker must stop to help a bird .
neut	the construction worker is taking a break to move the driveway .
cont	a pull of worker used a robot to avoid the construction site .
cont	a man in the track races his new toothpick .
cont	a construction worker is standing on the lap break .
enta	a worker is standing on the construction steps with a large arm .
enta	a individual is standing on a side man .
a woman in glittery face-paint and a sequined cap parades with several similarly-dressed individuals in shades of orange and brown .
neut	a woman is wearing a hat to perform a trick for a crowd .
neut	she is going to get a meeting .
cont	the woman is in the middle of the ocean .
cont	the woman is wearing a blue cap .
enta	a woman in a cap is marching in a parade .
enta	the woman has a cap on .
enta	a woman is wearing a hat and maroon
enta	there is a woman wearing a hat .
neut	a woman watches her sisters play together
neut	the drink is good
neut	the woman is an attractive .
cont	the man is dropping an orange and brown cap .
cont	the people sits at the bar .
cont	a woman riding her bike to the party .
enta	the woman at a parade is covered .
neut	the woman is being served for money on other hippies .
neut	2 people is part of a parade , some 30 years old .
neut	the woman is a friend and burn up .
cont	a lady wearing a dress , stand on the curb and gray .
cont	a woman is jogging with a red purse .
cont	the woman is in a deli terminal .
enta	a woman in the orange hat performs with an gives .
enta	a woman behind a group in the parade .
a small group of young black men , some in traditional african dress , are assembled outdoors .
neut	a group of asian men are trying to make a lot of food for a
neut	a group of men are in a large black chinese black group of black skirts
cont	the men are all wearing black and white
enta	a group of men are in a group .
enta	some people are outside in the sun .
neut	the woman works for a wedding .
cont	a group of children are playing frisbee .
cont	there is a giant , young man in black .
cont	a group of men are watching television at the bar .
enta	there are many people .
neut	three individuals are partying and the other is a good .
cont	two men of young white men are together in a contest .
cont	the people are riding atvs in a field .
cont	the men are putting on a natural bin .
enta	four people stand outside with the middle of a large group .
enta	a black of men are posing in front of a small group .
a dog leaps into the air in a grassy field surrounded by trees .
neut	a dog is playing with a ball .
neut	the grass was green
cont	the dog is sleeping on the couch
cont	a dog is sleeping .
cont	a dog sleeping on a bed .
enta	a dog jumps into a field .
enta	the dog is jumping
enta	a dog is jumping .
enta	a dog is jumping into the grass
neut	a dog is leaping into the air to his owner .
neut	the dog is performing for a treat
neut	the dog is retrieving his own .
cont	the animal is sleeping indoors .
cont	a dog lies down to get a bone .
enta	the dog carries a object in the grass .
enta	the dog jumps into the field .
neut	the dog is outdoors , chewing to anyone .
neut	a dog is about to run its other animals .
cont	a dog is sitting under the grass .
cont	a dog is taking a shower in the tree .
enta	the dog is outdoors .
enta	a dog is running through the air .
four men are wearing red baseball caps and orange and yellow shirts .
neut	four men are playing baseball
neut	the men are playing baseball for the crowd .
cont	four men are sitting in a restaurant .
enta	four men are wearing uniforms .
enta	the men are wearing red and yellow .
neut	the four men are racing each other outside .
neut	the two men wearing red are enjoying the game at the bar .
cont	people swimming in the lake .
cont	the four men are at the spa .
cont	four men in black shirts and orange shirts are talking .
enta	there is a baseball cap .
enta	four men are outside
neut	four men use the latest game .
neut	two old people are holding wet shirts .
cont	only of the three men in suits are not holding their baseball .
cont	some men are dancing in a circle .
cont	the bald men can not jump off the ground .
enta	four people wearing costumes are being filmed .
enta	three men are standing in a playing .
a man is wearing a hard hat and orange jacket standing in front of a red ladder .
neut	a tall human standing
cont	the man is wearing a blue hat .
cont	the man is in the middle of the ocean .
cont	the man is wearing a blue hat .
enta	a person is outdoors .
enta	the man is standing in front of a ladder .
enta	the man is wearing a hat
enta	a person standing in front of a ladder .
neut	the man is ready for a race
neut	a sad man in a hard hat stands in front of a blue ladder of
cont	the man sits in front of the ocean
cont	man chases after work
cont	the man is not wearing a hat .
cont	nobody is holding anything
enta	a person with a hat and orange jacket is walking on a moving area .
neut	a man is going to go another dog , standing .
cont	the man is standing in a field full of females .
cont	the man is not wearing striped pants .
enta	a man is standing in front of a ladder .
a man and woman and two small children are sitting in the floor with wrapped christmas presents .
neut	a man and his two sons are eating christmas .
neut	a man and his kids are eating .
neut	people are sitting in a white room
cont	the people are standing in the kitchen .
enta	the people are sitting in the floor .
enta	a man and woman are sitting .
enta	people are sitting
enta	the man and woman are sitting in the floor .
neut	the man and woman are about to eat in the floor .
neut	a couple are having a good time .
neut	the man and woman are showing the 4th of july and their kids are sleeping
cont	three children are sleeping .
cont	the three people are sitting outside the library .
cont	a man and woman are looking at the ocean at the beach
enta	a child and woman were sitting in the floor .
neut	the people with their two children are planning for poses .
cont	a man on his way looking at the sun .
cont	one swimmer is taking a sign for her baby
enta	there is a groom and a woman on the floor .
enta	a woman is being served by a man .
people are gathered around the table filled with food .
neut	people are gathered around a table with a family .
neut	tall humans gathered
cont	the people are at the beach eating lunch .
cont	the people are sitting on a couch .
enta	there is a table with food on the table .
enta	a group of people are gathered around the table with food
neut	people are shopping for food in the kitchen .
neut	the two people are talking about food and eating food .
cont	one man is in a pool .
enta	a group of people are holding food
enta	there are people around the table .
neut	humans enjoy a red out of food .
neut	person are handing out a large table as menu .
neut	people are trying to plant by the buffet .
cont	everyone is dancing while his friends sit down .
cont	people are sitting wading near the outdoor table .
enta	the people are gathered together .
sidewalk vendor dressed in white shirt brown pants sells grilled corn .
neut	the man is selling food for his family .
neut	the vendor is wearing a hat .
neut	a vendor is selling food for a party .
cont	a man eating food
enta	a vendor is selling food .
enta	someone is selling food .
enta	there is a vendor selling food .
neut	the vendor is making a new project for food .
neut	a food vendor has on top of a market market
cont	a vendor selling vegetables .
cont	the vendor is empty .
enta	a person sells vegetables
enta	the person is tending some fruits
neut	vendor is shopping with a drink at night .
neut	price store workers are trying to get food from .
neut	a mcdonald bottle is waiting for the street .
cont	the man is wearing a green shirt .
cont	a person is dressed in black shirts and waits for his summer weather .
cont	a customer shopping his mini goods .
enta	a man vendor vendor is wearing a shirt .
a father with a red shirt and beard is cuddling with his two children in a chair .
neut	the father and his children are playing .
cont	a father and his son are playing basketball .
cont	the man is crying .
cont	a woman with a red shirt
enta	two people are sitting down .
neut	the family having a conversation about the children .
cont	a man learns his cat in a bowl .
cont	a mother is watching tv with his children .
enta	a man with a red shirt smiles .
enta	a couple of children are in a chair .
neut	a boy watches to people share the child .
cont	a small boy is hugging her mother
cont	a young man is asleep on a car ,
enta	a younger child is happy with his children .
enta	a person is wearing a red shirt and two boys .
enta	a man is giving his kids up
football players on a field in front of a crowd .
neut	football players are playing a game .
neut	the players are in the same competition .
cont	the football players are playing in the sand .
cont	the players are playing in the sand .
enta	two people are playing football .
enta	a football team is on a field in front of a crowd .
enta	there are people playing football .
enta	the players are on the field in the field .
neut	a football player is jumping for his football .
cont	the football game is sitting down .
cont	the football players are sitting down .
cont	football players are singing and dance .
cont	the basketball players are old
enta	football players are ready for a field .
neut	the football team is trying to finish their game .
neut	a football team rest on a field for this hour .
neut	a quarterback is about to score a small football .
cont	a dog is playing with a ball in front of a crowd .
cont	the basketball players are fighting for a game .
cont	a persons is standing on the field holding a home .
cont	soccer players sit in front of the gas pool .
enta	this group of people are having a picture covered .
enta	several football players are outside playing sports .
adults with their kids are riding on a small red train .
neut	the adults are riding their way to the beach .
cont	adults are riding bikes .
cont	the people are riding bikes
cont	there are people watching a child in the park
cont	people are swimming in the ocean .
enta	the adults are on a train
enta	there are people in a train .
enta	there are people in a train .
enta	people riding their children on a train .
neut	the people are doing their for their work .
cont	three adults in a circus race .
cont	children are running in the grass .
cont	people are riding a blue train .
enta	the people are riding a train
enta	some people are going through the train .
neut	people are taking a tour through the road .
neut	the tour de and adults are going to mountain in the snow .
cont	the adults are riding blue balls .
cont	adults are running in a car during the day .
cont	the kids are sitting on the train rear .
cont	the adults ride alligators in an object .
enta	people are gathered in the front train .
a man holding his shoe on the beach
neut	a man is holding his shoe to his wife .
cont	the man is holding his shoe to his wife 's house .
cont	a woman holding her shoe on the beach .
enta	a man is on the beach .
enta	the man is holding his shoe .
enta	a man is holding his shoe .
neut	a man is holding his shoe as a man enjoys his walk .
cont	a woman holding hands at the beach .
cont	the man is carrying a child on a bench .
cont	a man is chasing a dog .
enta	a man with a shoe stands in the water .
enta	a man is holding his shoe .
neut	a man is holding the hat on the beach .
cont	a man is screaming at the field with a knife .
cont	the man is holding a roller down the street .
enta	a man is standing up outside , wearing a hat .
enta	the man is there in the sand .
enta	a man has a hand and in his hand .
a man wearing a white jacket and pink hat is speaking into a microphone while raising one arm above his head .
neut	the man is talking to his wife on the microphone .
neut	the man is a very fashion comedian .
neut	the man is talking to his wife on the microphone .
cont	a man is talking to a woman with a microphone .
cont	a man is wearing a black jacket
cont	the man is playing baseball
enta	someone is talking into a microphone .
enta	a man is speaking into a microphone
enta	a man is talking into a microphone
enta	a man talking to a microphone .
neut	a man makes up his team .
neut	a man is doing a backflip for his girlfriend .
neut	a man is waiting for his girlfriend .
cont	the man is asleep on his bed .
cont	a man is giving his arms to the audience .
cont	the woman is enjoying the sun indoors .
enta	there is a man in a white jacket and pink hat .
enta	a man is about to make a microphone .
neut	the man is trying to catch a pencil .
neut	a man is giving another play to a audience .
cont	a man is giving a break while sitting on ground .
cont	the man is wearing a green jacket .
enta	a man in a jacket holds his bow .
a man and three kids walk up a paved hill .
neut	the man is a girl
neut	the kids are walking to the store .
neut	the man is walking up a dirt hill
neut	a man and his children walk up a dirt hill to get to the store
cont	a man and three kids are playing in the park .
cont	a woman and three kids walk .
enta	people walk up a hill
enta	a man is walking up a hill .
enta	a man and three kids are walking up a hill
neut	the man is making a new present of the kids .
neut	a man and a girl are enjoying a day on a hill .
neut	some friends are walking their first 5k .
neut	three people are going to a party .
cont	a family in a park watching the movie .
cont	the men are running through the field
cont	a cat eats ice cream .
enta	a man and his four kids are supporting each other .
neut	two young children are walking along a trail during their own sports .
neut	a man and two children are strolling hard in a theme park .
cont	the children are on a bus and waiting for the bus .
cont	a man is running asleep
cont	a man is throwing another and laughing .
enta	the children walking on the street is being tackled .
enta	a man with two children are walking down a road .
enta	the people are walking down the outdoor woods .
a young women dips her feet into a natural spring in an outdoor setting .
neut	a young woman is playing with her friends .
neut	the woman is a professional mountain climber .
neut	the woman is a professional .
cont	a woman sits on the ground .
cont	a young man is sitting in a chair .
cont	a young woman is playing with her dog .
enta	a woman is outside in the sun .
enta	a young woman performing
neut	a woman is getting ready to go swimming .
cont	the woman is walking alone .
cont	a boy is at work cooking .
cont	the women are sleeping in the garden .
enta	the lady 's feet are from the outdoor area .
neut	the women are jumped and ready to drink .
neut	the young woman is a hungry black teeth .
cont	woman meeting at a table .
cont	the old woman is standing beside the fireplace by a fireplace .
enta	a woman with up the food area .
enta	a girl is looking at the atmosphere with an outdoor rock .
a woman in black clothing runs down the street barefoot next to two people on bicycles and a female runner .
neut	a woman is running down the street to get to the store .
neut	the woman is a professional woman
cont	the woman is riding a bike .
enta	the people are outside
enta	there are people running on the street .
enta	people are on a street .
enta	the woman is running down the street .
neut	the woman is about to win the race .
neut	they are running to catch a friend .
neut	two woman are having their picture taken
cont	a bunch of people are running in the forest .
cont	a woman is having a picnic at the beach .
cont	a woman standing alone on bikes
cont	a woman and her friends are walking down the street .
enta	a female is wearing a black clothing outfit .
neut	a woman is giving the couples working on a bike .
neut	a woman is running past a rally leader .
cont	a woman is shooting a cat race .
cont	a woman is riding a motorboat in the front streets .
enta	a women up luggage in front of two people .
enta	a woman is being escorted by a bicycle .
enta	a woman in black is running down a street in hand .
three different women having fun with a toy in the living-room .
neut	three women play with a toy in the garage .
neut	the women are in a big game
neut	the women are playing with a toy in the garage .
cont	three women are playing chess in the park .
enta	the women are playing .
enta	there are three women in this picture .
enta	a group of women are playing with toy .
neut	three people are playing with a toy at the park .
neut	these women are laughing about the news .
neut	three women are siblings .
cont	three people are having a picnic .
enta	there are three women in this picture .
neut	the two women are together in a pageant .
neut	there are women last a toy game .
neut	three women are preparing for pretend by the house .
cont	four women are wondering at the play .
enta	people watch a toy while a group of women .
enta	a person is under delivering some toys .
a policeman is leaning on his motorcycle while people are watching .
neut	a policeman is waiting for his brother .
neut	they are watching the policeman of the motorcycle .
cont	a policeman is sitting on a couch .
cont	a policeman throws a thief on his motorcycle .
cont	the policeman is riding his bike .
enta	the motorcycle is being photographed .
enta	there is a policeman in the picture .
enta	a policeman is on a motorcycle .
enta	a policeman is leaning on his motorcycle .
neut	the man 's his motorcycle is the police on a motorcycle .
neut	the police is celebrating .
cont	there is no motorcycle in the middle of the ocean .
cont	the police officer is violent .
cont	the man is flying a kite .
enta	a police officer on a motorcycle
enta	a man , a police uniform are making a hand of people .
enta	a police officer sits on his motorcycle
neut	the man is about to sing the motorcycle .
neut	the traffic lane is full of people to play in .
neut	a group of people has their motorcycle photos at the game .
cont	a man is giving a bird back to his wife .
enta	a cop has one of a cyclist on his motorcycle .
enta	a police officer on up phone .
a small child playing in a dusty square .
neut	a child is playing with his friends
neut	a small child plays in a square park .
cont	the child is playing in the sand .
cont	a man sitting on a bench .
cont	the child is playing in the sand .
enta	the child is playing outside .
neut	the child is in the winter
neut	the kid is preparing to play .
cont	a small man plays with his friends .
cont	a man is dead and playing soccer .
cont	the child is playing on the floor .
cont	the child is sleeping .
enta	the child is exercising .
neut	a child is enjoying the night near his new beach .
neut	a child works in the wide the square for a crowd .
neut	a boy is playing in a grassy lawn with disease .
cont	people a sisters are playing in a cafe .
cont	a man playing in front of a small square .
enta	a boy and his female have playing in casual
soldier watches as a train zooms by .
neut	a soldier watches a train tracks to the ocean
neut	a man is watching a train go to work .
cont	a man watching tv on the couch .
cont	two boys are watching a movie .
enta	a man is watching a train .
enta	soldier is watching a train .
enta	there is a person watching a train .
neut	the man is smiling as he uses the train .
neut	there is a soldier in hawaii costume .
cont	the police is running down the street
cont	girl eats a slice of pizza
enta	a soldier is having a train station .
enta	the soldier ran by the train .
neut	the police are having a great photo ready .
neut	the police are blocking an item during the train .
cont	the monkey is on the kitchen swing .
cont	the man is swimming with his friends
cont	the man is running on a train holding the train .
cont	he is dressed at the pet 's outfits .
enta	a male wore tickets and is posing by a train .
a couple in bathing suits walk on a beach .
neut	a couple is walking on the beach to get to the store .
neut	a couple are walking on the beach to get a tan .
cont	the couple is in the ocean .
cont	a couple is sitting on a couch .
enta	a couple in bathing suits walk .
enta	a couple walk
enta	the couple are on the beach .
neut	the beach is a big bell .
cont	the couple is navigating the river
cont	a man and his wife are eating dinner at the restaurant .
cont	the man is walking down the beach .
enta	an older couple is walking on a beach .
enta	the couple is outdoors .
neut	the fur couple is in going to go towards the water .
neut	the couple are going to buy a sandy sunset .
cont	the couple is pushing swimming trunks in the ocean .
cont	a couple is underwater with their dog .
enta	a couple and sun is riding each other .
a man is looking affected by results from his poker game .
neut	a man looking at his brother 's sports game
neut	a man looking at a man and a round of running a game .
cont	the man is looking at the baseball game
cont	a man is watching a baseball game .
enta	the man looks at the game .
neut	a man is going to win the dance .
neut	a man is a professional skate tournament .
neut	a man in karate class trying to take a coach while practicing .
cont	a woman is watching the man with her dog .
cont	a man is a paraplegic .
cont	a man is chasing a child .
enta	a man looks information outdoors .
neut	the man is thinking to break a game of serve .
cont	a man is taking a break of the game .
cont	a man has his balloon down the sidewalk .
cont	a man playing a jump wrestling video of ohio .
enta	a man is looking at something on his opponent .
a woman is standing on the sidewalk , in front of a crosswalk .
neut	the woman is waiting for her husband .
neut	a woman is waiting for her friend to arrive .
neut	a woman is waiting on a bus .
neut	the woman is waiting for a bus .
cont	a woman is sitting in a chair .
cont	the woman is sitting on the ground
enta	a person is outdoors .
enta	a woman is standing outside
enta	the woman is outside
enta	there is a woman in front of a crosswalk .
neut	a woman is happy and standing .
neut	a woman is watching his child look at the crosswalk .
neut	the woman is warm
neut	a woman in front of the street is trying to sell her new car .
cont	the women is outside running .
cont	a woman is standing fishing on the lake .
enta	the person is outside .
enta	a woman standing beside the road
neut	a woman is checking out the street a person .
neut	a woman is going to rain and in the city .
neut	an woman hugs an object to call his entrance .
neut	a woman is trying to catch her property outside .
cont	the woman is at a department store .
enta	a woman is standing on a street corner .
scientists sit in a laboratory in sterile clothing while looking at microscopes .
neut	the scientists are in a lab lab
cont	the scientists are standing in the lab .
enta	a group of scientists are looking at something .
enta	scientists are in a lab .
enta	a person is looking at something .
enta	the scientists are looking at the microscope .
neut	some construction children are looking at things at the lab .
neut	the two scientists are waiting for their friend
neut	a boy is watching his project at the lab .
cont	the teams are teaching on their equipment to get into a restaurant .
cont	children at a party are drinking beer .
cont	two children are sitting in the ocean .
enta	scientists at a laboratory
enta	people work a laboratory .
enta	scientists are doing something .
neut	friends are in a surgery during surgery
cont	this is a holiday bath
cont	woman wearing a solid straw
cont	a large group of people thinking his dog in a bathroom .
cont	three people are sitting at a plane .
enta	are in the scientific things .
a group of men are fighting in front of a bar in a european city , one of them hitting another with a stick .
neut	the men are all men are trying to win .
neut	the group of men are trying to win the bar .
cont	the men are sitting on a bench .
cont	a group of men are sitting in front of a bar .
cont	the men are in front of a building
cont	some men are sitting in front of a bar .
enta	a group of men are in front of a bar in front of a bar
enta	people are playing together .
enta	a group of men are fighting in front of a bar .
enta	people play with a stick .
neut	some people having a conversation
neut	the group of men all related .
neut	a group of men are sword for the first time
cont	a group of ladies are trying to find the best .
cont	a group of men are inside the bar watching a movie .
cont	some men are sleeping in front of a bar with a stick
enta	some people is gathered .
neut	some men in front are getting dinner while playing together .
cont	the men are holding a football .
cont	only men are in a tuxedo , others .
enta	there are men in a same city square .
enta	the men are having a fighting cut
a little boy smiles while playing in the dirt .
neut	the boy is playing with his friends
neut	a boy is playing with a ball .
neut	the boy is playing with a ball .
cont	the boy is playing in the sand .
cont	a boy is sleeping .
enta	a boy is outside
enta	the boy is playing
enta	a boy plays outside .
enta	a boy plays in the dirt
neut	the boy is playing in the park
neut	child is playing at the track .
neut	a little boy is having fun with her friends .
cont	the small boy is on the couch .
cont	a man crying on his back
cont	a little boy is sitting on the ground .
enta	the little boy is playing with something .
neut	a boy prepares playing during a hot summer day .
neut	a boy is having a beard done in the dirt .
neut	a boy is trying to splash the dog
neut	a little boy is happy in the sun .
cont	a boy is crying in his hand .
cont	the boy is standing in the grass with their mouths .
cont	a baby who is eating cake is playing .
cont	a little boy is eating pizza while in the sand .
enta	the boy is playing a place .
people dancing and being watched by a man wearing a shirt that says security .
neut	the man is at a dance competition .
neut	a man is dancing with his friends .
cont	the people are watching a movie .
cont	the people are watching a movie .
enta	a man holding a man and a man are dancing .
enta	the man is holding a man .
neut	the man is a famous dancer .
cont	a man wearing a business suit is not holding a man at a bar .
cont	no one is holding the man 's head .
enta	some people are performing a task .
enta	someone without a shirt has a man talking to a man .
neut	an people dances in a contest
cont	people build a spider during an
cont	the men are sweeping room on the ground .
enta	people with their dresses are outdoors with their hands .
enta	people are standing by a man holding onto .
a woman with brown hair , black jacket , large black sunglasses , and pink scarf walking down the street .
neut	the woman is wearing a hat .
neut	a woman walks down the street to her home .
neut	the woman is going to the store in the rain .
cont	the woman is wearing a red jacket and black sunglasses .
cont	a woman sitting on a bench .
enta	a woman is walking down the street .
enta	a woman is outdoors .
enta	a woman is walking down the street with dark hair .
enta	a woman is walking .
neut	the woman was walking towards the street .
neut	the woman being very .
neut	a woman is walking to her job and walking to work .
cont	the woman is swimming .
cont	nobody is running .
enta	a woman walks in the street .
enta	a woman is crossing the street .
neut	woman talking in front of a busy city street
cont	the woman is stealing ice cream down .
cont	a woman in her swimsuit shorts and dark pants on .
enta	a woman wearing glasses and a pink shirt is walking down the street .
a man running a marathon talks to his friend .
neut	a tall human running
neut	the man is running to the crowd .
cont	the man is sitting on a couch .
enta	a man is running a race .
enta	a person running
enta	two people are having a conversation .
neut	a man is taking a turn from a marathon at the marathon
cont	a man is biking to his father 's hat .
cont	the man sleeps on the couch .
cont	the man is playing basketball for the audience .
enta	a man is on the swing set
enta	the man is taking a race .
neut	a man takes some prey from his husband .
neut	a man is running because he is winning the marathon .
cont	the man is driving a boat through the sand .
cont	a shirtless man is running at the beach with a pencil .
cont	a man is at his dogs lunch .
enta	a man is running across the marathon
a photographer with bushy dark hair takes a photo of a skateboarder at an indoor park .
neut	a photographer is taking pictures of his daughter at the pool
cont	the man is sitting down .
cont	the photographer is at the beach
cont	the man is sitting on a couch .
enta	a photographer takes a photo of a skateboarder at an indoor park .
enta	a person is taking a picture of a skateboarder .
enta	a person is riding a skateboard .
enta	a person is riding a skateboard .
neut	the photographer is making a video game .
cont	the photographer is sitting on the couch .
cont	the photographer sits and was at home .
cont	a boy taking a shower at home .
cont	a man is in the sand
enta	the photographer is standing around .
enta	a photographer watches an event with a camera .
neut	the canvas is placed and the chief at least another crowd .
neut	a security teenager is taking ready to take a picture .
cont	a person takes a newspaper on the floor .
cont	a photographer is arriving to go one food .
enta	a local person poses while a guy in the binoculars .
enta	a person is taking a picture with the other .
three men playing cricket wearing all white , with one man wearing a blue helmet .
neut	three men are playing cricket in a competition .
cont	the men are playing volleyball in the park .
cont	the men are playing volleyball in the park .
enta	a man is playing cricket .
enta	the men are playing cricket
enta	three men are playing cricket in a cricket .
enta	a man is playing cricket .
neut	the men have just bought in the olympics .
neut	some men are playing in a game of olympics .
neut	the cowboys are doing a . .
cont	three men with black hair are playing cricket together in a park .
cont	three mean with a black helmet , one holding a ball .
cont	a man is playing baseball with his friends .
cont	the people are playing basketball
enta	three men have a cricket .
enta	the men have a game of ball .
enta	three people in white jerseys are holding a game .
neut	the men are playing quite men fight .
neut	it of the men also the local men take to take .
cont	the men are all loitering through the bored room .
cont	the men are on a sofa eating flowers .
cont	a men on the point are thinking about play football .
cont	a bull was dressed in black claus a football game .
enta	some people are practicing sports .
two dogs run together across a grassy lawn .
neut	the dogs are playing fetch .
neut	the dogs are playing with a ball
neut	two puppies run through a field .
neut	dogs are playing fetch with a ball .
cont	two dogs are sitting on a couch .
cont	two cats are playing outside .
cont	two cats are playing with a ball .
enta	two dogs are running outside .
enta	there are animals running .
enta	two dogs run outside
enta	the dogs are outside .
neut	the two dogs are trying to walk home .
neut	the dogs are running a marathon .
neut	two dogs are the same master .
neut	the two dogs are racing together .
cont	the dogs are all asleep
cont	the dogs are jumping a bicycle
cont	the dogs are sleep
enta	there are two dogs in the picture
neut	two dogs running to the farm workers .
neut	a small dog 's skateboard with its owner approaches .
cont	a man on the yard is eating a casserole .
cont	two dogs are fighting in church .
enta	two dogs are running with each other .
women and children are walking down a cement dock to board a nearby cruise ship painted red and white .
neut	the people are walking to the cruise ship .
neut	a woman and her children are walking to the store .
cont	the people are at the beach .
cont	a man and a child are walking down a hill
enta	a woman is walking
enta	a group of people are outside .
neut	the woman is about to go out of the boat .
neut	the women are outside on a sunny day .
cont	a group of children is swimming in a pond with black hair .
cont	cats are carrying their mothers down the street .
cont	an women bus are rioting .
enta	there are people in a boat .
enta	a child and children are walking outside .
enta	some people are outside
neut	the women passed the persons to the mexico boat .
cont	elderly women sit alone in the wooden dock .
cont	a dolphin looks flew in the water
cont	a group of women eat at the alley selling fruit .
enta	a group of teenagers walk along some trucks on a side boat .
enta	women are walking through a dock .
a woman in a yellow shirt seated at a table .
neut	a woman is waiting for her friend .
neut	a woman is waiting for her friend .
neut	a woman is sitting at a table in a restaurant .
cont	a woman is sitting on a couch .
cont	a woman is standing .
cont	a man is wearing a yellow shirt
enta	the woman is wearing clothing .
enta	a person in a shirt .
enta	a woman is on a table .
enta	a woman is wearing a yellow shirt
neut	someone is enjoying a cold day on the beach .
neut	a woman enjoying a lot of fun .
cont	the child is playing in the shower .
cont	the man is yelling at the drinks wine
cont	a woman is walking the gym .
enta	some people were outside a table .
enta	a woman is sitting on a bench .
enta	a woman near a table .
neut	a woman is skipping paper from a table .
neut	the woman is waiting for the man to go out .
neut	a woman is leaning at a table for her allowance .
cont	two ladies are walking down the street
cont	a woman is seated at a table with no tongue .
cont	a woman is opening a table by the ocean .
cont	a woman is running by a train .
enta	a woman is near a table .
enta	a woman is outside at table .
enta	the woman is looking at two vehicles .
a dog holding a frisbee walking in the water .
neut	the dog is playing fetch with its owner .
neut	a dog is playing outside .
neut	a dog holding a frisbee is playing in the water on a hot day .
cont	a dog is sitting on a couch .
cont	a dog is sleeping on the couch .
cont	a dog is sitting .
enta	a dog is outside in the water .
enta	the dog is in the water
enta	a dog with a frisbee .
enta	a dog holds a frisbee
neut	the dog attempts to smile in the water .
neut	a dog just finished his swim
cont	a cat was playful at the beach .
cont	the cat is a poodle
cont	a cat tries to get into the water .
enta	the dog walks through the water
neut	a dog is carrying a frisbee to get them .
cont	a dog is sitting on the water getting ready to be .
cont	a dog is chasing a frisbee in the sand .
cont	a dog is eating pizza in a body of water .
cont	the bull was flying over a creek .
enta	a dog is carrying a frisbee .
enta	a dog is crossing some water
a person is climbing a cliff wall that overlooks water .
neut	a person is climbing a cliff with a friend in the water .
cont	a kid sits on a cliff
cont	a person is sitting on a bench .
cont	the person is sitting on a bench .
enta	a person is in the water .
enta	a person is wet .
enta	a person is in the water .
enta	a person climbs a cliff .
neut	a young person is climbing his hill with his friends .
neut	a child is climbing the rocks in the pool .
neut	a climber is taking a selfie in the water .
cont	the person is sitting at the rock wall
cont	a man is watching tv
cont	she is naked and climbing a cliff .
cont	a person is rafting on the lake .
enta	the person is by a water .
enta	a person with their arms on is climbing a cliff wall .
neut	the person is dressed as sun and climbing a wall .
neut	the person is putting up the bay of the canyon .
neut	a man is climbing a path of the lake .
neut	a person is climbing a wall before the canyon .
cont	the person is relaxing on the lake to go home .
cont	a person is jumping off the mountainside wall .
enta	a person is climbing a cliff .
enta	a person is looking at a cliff .
at a little league baseball game , an umpire calls `` safe '' as a player crosses home .
neut	a man plays baseball players
cont	a man plays basketball with a baseball .
cont	people are playing basketball .
enta	the baseball game is being played .
enta	the baseball game is being played .
enta	there is a man playing baseball
neut	someone in the football game is trying to win a game
neut	someone is ready to play in a game for the game .
cont	football game is about to be changed .
cont	nobody is playing a game .
cont	the man is shooting a basketball game .
cont	the two teams are waiting for the bus .
enta	the man is about to play a game .
enta	there is a baseball game and a baseball player is n't sitting .
neut	the garbage parts field is from his team .
neut	people are playing an bowl game on christmas swing .
neut	two friends watch as a opposing team
cont	the water referee is empty at the baseball game .
cont	the boys are played basketball at night .
cont	someone rugby a baseball game talking and have been played .
cont	a coach is riding on the street score a game .
enta	a young person is who is holding his baseball .
a man is looking over a small cliff .
neut	the man is looking for a rock .
cont	the man is looking at the stars .
cont	the man is sleeping in the park .
enta	the man is looking at the cliff .
enta	a man looks over a cliff .
enta	the man is looking at something .
neut	the man is contemplating his feet to the sun .
cont	the man is shirtless .
cont	a man is laying down on the couch .
cont	a man is fishing in a pond in his kitchen .
enta	someone looks over the cliff .
enta	a man is by a cliff .
neut	a man is preparing to take a picture of another .
neut	the man is looking at a black cap .
neut	a man is looking for some tricks in front of a rock .
cont	a man is not wearing a mask .
cont	a man brings his sailboat at home
enta	a man is posing with a rock .
enta	there is a guy looking through a painted cliff .
two men playing baseball with the one in the black and red jersey running toward base .
neut	two men play baseball for a crowd
neut	two men play baseball for a crowd
neut	two men are playing baseball in a game .
cont	the two men are playing basketball in the park .
cont	the men are playing basketball with their friends
cont	two women play baseball
enta	two men are playing baseball .
enta	the men are playing baseball .
enta	the two men are playing baseball .
enta	two men are playing baseball .
neut	the men are having fun
neut	the men are celebrating .
neut	the men are trying to get a friend .
cont	two men are jumping off a small object
cont	one man is not playing in the middle of the marathon .
cont	two men are about to dance .
enta	the men are playing baseball .
enta	the men are going outside .
enta	two men play baseball together
neut	two guys are playing a ball game of more one .
neut	there are three men smoking for the baseball game .
cont	the men are playing football on the beach .
cont	a couple are playing football together .
cont	a man on the court getting his picture caught .
enta	two men run around the athletic .
people stand on boat dock waiting for their boat to arrive .
neut	the people are on a boat in the ocean .
cont	people are swimming in the ocean .
enta	the people are waiting on a boat .
enta	people are waiting for the boat .
enta	a group of people waiting for a boat .
enta	people are waiting for the boat .
neut	some people are trying to win a boat from the boat .
neut	men on a boat are about to get ready to go on a boat .
cont	people are riding horses .
cont	the people are sitting down at the bar .
cont	there are no boat in the water by the ship .
cont	a dog and his boat are drinking tea .
enta	some people are looking down .
enta	the people are outside
neut	both people are about to go into the distance .
cont	a statue with no load depicted in it .
cont	the people sit in front of a boat with lake .
enta	a person on the boat sits with his boat .
enta	there are people carrying a boat
skiiers are walking through the snow near the mountains .
neut	the people are going to the top of the mountain .
neut	the people are going to the top of the mountain
cont	skiiers are in a desert .
cont	skiiers are sitting on the ground .
cont	the people are at the beach
cont	the people are at the beach .
enta	the weather is cold .
enta	the people are outside .
enta	there is a group of people walking through the snow .
enta	people walk through the snow .
neut	they are dressed nicely .
neut	a bunch of friends are going through the mountains .
neut	swimmers compete in a winter day .
neut	sunbathers walk through the snow to get to a bar .
cont	no one is in the mountains watching a movie .
cont	a man is riding 2 bicycles at the park .
cont	the sun sets the man 's head on the ground .
cont	the weather is hot and is being taken by a plane .
enta	skiiers on a snowy day .
neut	the friends are walking on the mountain snowy
neut	they are by to a big snow , wet .
cont	a woman stands on the floor with no equipment around the mountains .
cont	people are surfing on the ocean space .
cont	the hikers are riding down the hill surrounded .
enta	2 people are walking through the snow .
images are missing images are missing images are missing images are missing images are missing images are missing
neut	there are two famous players on the video game
cont	they are playing in the park .
cont	the players are taking pictures of the news .
enta	there is a group of people .
neut	there is a wedding off vacation .
neut	a photographer shows his last time at the ending of the day .
neut	a group are getting their picture taken for a show of the sunset .
cont	the band is sitting on the bench .
cont	a group of birds are watching a movie .
cont	equipment being been been taken in a band watching them .
enta	there is a crack of its appearance .
enta	a picture of three people .
neut	a person lost many lost photos on a slide .
cont	a group of cameraman is sitting on the bench decoration .
cont	the police members are in silence down during the snowstorm .
cont	animals watching the race was playing .
enta	a group of costumed are sitting with 3 other photos .
a group of people in costumes are holding their arms in the air in the manner of the finale of a musical number .
neut	the people are in a play
cont	the people are in the same room .
cont	a group of people are at a bar eating dinner
cont	a group of people are sitting in a library .
cont	no one is in the group of people .
enta	people holding their arms in the air .
enta	a group of people are holding hands in front of a play of a band
enta	a group of people holding their arms
enta	there is a group of people holding their arms .
neut	a group of people is in a parade because has a guitar .
neut	some friends are trying to play a song on the light .
cont	there are no people in the picture .
cont	a group of people are dancing in the dark and a crowd .
cont	the group have broken their arms .
enta	a bunch of people in costumes holding their arms
neut	the people are trained in the dance board .
neut	the group of people are in the wedding going to study
cont	the people are on a church to go down .
cont	six people are carrying business on a camel .
cont	a family in a large desert are singing in the city .
cont	some people are inside playing a show routine .
enta	there are people in matching dance .
enta	a crowd of people are standing in the dance during a day .
a man in a red uniform is playing backset ball with a man in a white uniform blocking his shot .
neut	a man playing with a ball in a park .
neut	two men play ball at the park
cont	the man is wearing a blue uniform .
cont	a woman plays with a man .
cont	the man is playing basketball .
cont	two women play baseball in a field .
enta	the man is playing a game .
enta	a man is outside .
enta	the man is playing with a man .
enta	a man is playing a game .
neut	a man is playing fetch with his friends .
neut	a man and a man are playing baseball in a white uniform .
neut	the man is playing for the first time .
cont	a man is watching his dog play in the park .
cont	a man is taking his empty break .
cont	a man is playing basketball
cont	the two men are quietly the room .
enta	the man is pitching .
neut	the man is trying to feel run /
neut	a man looks at the third from a man playing .
cont	a man is taking a break from two porch .
enta	the man is moving a pole .
a man is sitting in on the side of the street with brass pots .
neut	a man is waiting for someone .
neut	a man sits with his band at the street
neut	the man is a singer .
neut	a man is sitting in the street with a guitar
cont	a woman is on a bench .
cont	the man is sitting on the ground .
enta	a man is sitting in a street with a metal glass .
enta	a man sits with metal .
neut	a white man sits in the park with some pieces of apples .
cont	the man is at home sleeping
cont	a man is sleeping at home .
cont	a man is going on his bike .
enta	a man , arms invisible each other .
enta	a man is sitting with quarters material .
neut	a man is looking upset from the parade .
neut	there is a couple at the restaurant hanging sculptures .
neut	a red-haired man is sitting in a street corner .
cont	a man is tearing down on the floor looking for two people .
enta	a man sits in the middle of a street with lights .
a man and a young boy are eating on a city sidewalk next to a cardboard box and a red shopping cart .
neut	a father and son are eating a meal .
neut	a father and son are eating dinner .
neut	a father and son are eating dinner .
cont	the boy is eating a sandwich at the park .
cont	a mother and son eating at a restaurant
enta	a man and a boy are eating on a city sidewalk .
enta	two boys eating on a city sidewalk
enta	two boys are eating on a city sidewalk
neut	the man is eating a cake .
neut	the boy and boy are eating lunch for the family .
cont	the family is at a bar .
cont	a man and a boy are playing poker
cont	a man and boy are having dinner in a restaurant .
enta	two people are eating .
neut	a man is cooking some cake at a city busy .
neut	a brown-haired boy is eating some hot at the city .
cont	a man is playing with a dog .
cont	a boy and his boy are sitting under a pond .
cont	a man plays with an indoors field .
enta	the man is wearing a red and red unusual box .
enta	a boy and a young boy are in a shopping .
two women both in sandals , one in a green hat is tying the other woman 's dress strap .
neut	two women are trying to get a dresses .
neut	the women are trying to win the woman 's dress
neut	the women are playing a game .
cont	a woman is cooking .
cont	a man and a woman are sitting .
enta	women are playing with a dress .
enta	women are playing with a dress .
enta	the women are wearing sandals .
neut	they are gay .
cont	the women sip on another person .
cont	two men with sunglasses on a shopping dress for a photo shoot .
enta	several women in uniform are wearing hats and sunglasses and one has long hair .
neut	two women are practicing walking toward a lady .
cont	two women are setting a man in the middle of a bowling .
cont	two women are standing outside the same store .
cont	the women are eating water in front of the womens .
enta	to woman are tying by in a shoes .
a woman hanging out her laundry on the line .
neut	a woman hanging out her laundry to the ground .
neut	a woman hanging out her laundry to the ground .
cont	the woman is sleeping on the sofa .
cont	a woman is sitting on a couch .
enta	the woman has laundry .
enta	a woman is cleaning her clothes on the line .
enta	a woman is in the kitchen .
neut	she is remodeling the yard
neut	a woman waits for her dog
cont	a woman running around the sidewalk
enta	the woman is working .
enta	a person cleans her laundry
neut	a woman is collecting out his vegetables on the traffic .
cont	the woman makes a drink of bed .
cont	a woman is fixing a lawnmower on the street .
enta	a woman is working in the kitchen .
two women playing field hockey on astroturf .
neut	the women are playing a game of monopoly .
cont	two women are in a restaurant eating lunch .
cont	the women are playing golf .
cont	two women playing volleyball on the beach
enta	two women playing a sport
enta	women are playing field hockey .
enta	two women playing field hockey .
enta	a couple of women play sports .
neut	two friends are getting ready to play a sport .
neut	a group of people are playing field hockey for the same time .
neut	two sisters are playing .
cont	two women swimming
enta	people playing sports
enta	the women are in this picture .
neut	two women pole their volleyball down to each other .
neut	two women are playing for a field game .
cont	a woman is shooting a football .
cont	two women are hunting wrestling in sand .
cont	two indian women play a game of soccer .
enta	a pair of women are enjoying at sports .
a young asian woman wearing modern clothing leans against a cast iron fence in front of a brick building .
neut	the woman is a professional
cont	a woman is sitting on a bench
cont	the woman is riding a bike
cont	the woman is riding a bike
enta	a woman is wearing clothing
enta	a woman is wearing clothing .
neut	an asian woman is wearing white jeans .
neut	the women sees her favorite friend .
cont	the young woman is sleeping
cont	a young asian woman is cooking a cake .
enta	a woman is taking a person out .
neut	a woman is getting ready to be a doctor .
neut	the women is very large by young woman .
cont	a young man makes a circuit gun on the moon .
enta	the woman is wearing an shirt and with a large concrete fence .
enta	a young woman is hanging out of a building .
a boy wearing orange star glasses is sitting down holding a toy hammer .
neut	a boy is holding a toy to his mother 's house .
cont	boy wearing a red hat is sitting down holding toy .
cont	a boy wearing a red hat is sitting down holding a hammer .
cont	boy eats a sandwich
enta	the boy has a toy
enta	a boy has a toy hammer
enta	the boy is holding a toy .
neut	the boy is sitting on a park bench .
neut	a boy is getting his job for the play .
neut	a boy is playing a toys game
cont	a boy in a purple tutu holds a birthday party .
cont	a boy is taking a nap .
cont	a boy is standing on the ground .
cont	a boy in the orange glasses is dancing to the fire .
enta	a boy is near some stairs .
enta	a boy is sitting in front of a toy hammer .
enta	a boy riding a toy made of wood .
enta	a boy in a boy 's hat watching a boy play .
neut	a boy is taking a tour from camp
neut	a boy is wearing a professional costume .
cont	a boy stands kicking a heart .
cont	the boy is sitting at the water covered .
cont	a boy in small suit gear a hammer .
enta	a young boy wore orange and a necklace is playing a toy .
enta	a boy is wearing orange with a toy .
a group of people standing in the snow with a mountain in the background .
neut	the group of people are waiting for the ground to arrive .
cont	a group of people are sitting in a chair at the park .
cont	the group of people are at the beach
cont	people are sitting on a couch .
cont	the group of people are sitting in a chair .
enta	a group of people are standing in the snow with a mountain .
enta	people are standing near a mountain .
enta	a group of people waiting near a mountain in the snow .
enta	there are people standing outside .
neut	many people wearing snow suits are standing in the snow with a mountain .
neut	a group is at the top of the mountain watching a snow hill .
cont	the people are running in a field
cont	a girl is paddling a boat in the ocean .
cont	a group of people swimming at the beach .
cont	several people walk through the snow while a mountain is sitting .
enta	a group of people standing in the snow
enta	there are multiple people present .
enta	there are many people gathered .
neut	a group of people is standing on the snow and their family .
neut	the audience are smiling and about to go in the snow .
neut	the people are climbing and about to catch in the snow .
neut	the people are going to ride alongside at the snow .
cont	four people are watching a dog fly by .
cont	the friends watch no happened on the vacation .
cont	the group is looking at the lake during warm vacation .
enta	people are standing by the snow .
enta	a group of people are seen in the snow .
enta	people are leading a hill in the snow .
a woman sits on a bed and puts on her red socks .
neut	the woman is trying to get the hair .
cont	a woman is sitting on a couch and holding a purse .
enta	a woman is indoors .
enta	a woman is sitting
enta	a woman is sitting on a bed .
neut	the woman is talking to her daughter
cont	a woman with a blue sweater is not wet
cont	the woman is standing on a roof .
enta	a woman is on a bed
enta	a woman is on her bed .
neut	a woman reads a blond woman in her bedroom .
cont	the women is hanging in front of a tree .
cont	the woman is sitting on a bed eating dinner .
enta	a woman is sitting on a bed
a chef is giving a sample of food to a customer .
neut	the food is small .
cont	the chef is sleeping
cont	a chef is eating food .
cont	the chef is taking a nap
enta	the chef is in the vendor .
enta	the chef is cooking .
neut	a woman with food tools is part of the ocean .
neut	a person is watching a drunk meal .
neut	a man is cutting food on a street .
cont	the man is at home sleeping
cont	a person is being pulled by a car .
enta	the person with food is eating .
enta	a man is making a lot of food .
enta	a chef cooking
neut	a drunk eating dinner with his meal together .
cont	a chef is working on his car .
cont	the woman is cooking dinner for everyone .
cont	a eating baby reads in the crowd while painting .
cont	a person is standing up and relaxing on the stage .
enta	a view is filled , that is full by a customer .
enta	a chef is being carried for a person .
a woman with dark hair wearing a dark shirt , jeans , and glasses is talking into a microphone .
neut	the woman is talking to her mother
neut	the woman is talking to her mother
neut	a woman is talking to a crowd .
neut	the woman is a barber
neut	a woman talks to her husband on a microphone
cont	a woman is wearing a red shirt .
cont	the woman is in the middle of the ocean
cont	the woman is wearing a red shirt
cont	a woman is wearing a red shirt .
cont	a woman is wearing a red shirt .
cont	the woman is wearing a red shirt
cont	woman is eating a sandwich .
cont	the woman is eating a sandwich .
enta	a woman is wearing a shirt
enta	someone is talking into a microphone
enta	the woman is wearing a shirt
neut	a woman is communicating for the first time .
neut	a woman wearing sunglasses talking to a woman in the park for a photo .
neut	the woman just heard a joke .
neut	a woman is talking to her husband
neut	a woman is at a birthday party .
neut	the woman is talking to her mom
neut	a woman is giving her sister clothing at a concert .
cont	a man is waiting at home .
cont	the woman is confused at the piano .
cont	a woman wears a black shirt and tie on an empty bar .
cont	a man is talking with an empty microphone in his kitchen .
cont	a woman is talking into a megaphone .
cont	someone is asleep in bed .
cont	a woman with dark hair gloves shorts .
enta	a woman with dark hair talking to a camera .
enta	the woman is sitting in a microphone .
neut	a woman is going to make a soda sandwich .
cont	the woman is drinking beer at the buffet .
cont	the woman is knitting a mirror .
cont	an hippy in the living room suite .
cont	a woman is talking to a man .
cont	the woman is on top of a large rocket .
cont	a woman takes a basket in her ring .
cont	a woman is shooting a football .
cont	a woman and her colored shirt is not talking to a friend .
cont	a woman in the coat showing a dinosaur .
cont	a woman is giving a womans face .
enta	a woman is talking to other people , there
enta	a woman is enjoying her ears by a microphone .
enta	the woman is staring out at the microphone .
enta	a woman is talking to a microphone .
one woman with a dark coat on walking by herself in a city .
neut	a woman is walking by her husband in the city
neut	woman is on a date .
cont	a woman with a green coat is walking by a fountain .
cont	a woman is sitting on a couch .
cont	a woman is on a bench .
cont	a woman is sitting on a couch .
enta	the woman is walking by a person on a walk .
enta	a person walking
enta	people are walking by a woman .
enta	a woman is walking
neut	woman taking rest her dog
neut	a woman is smiling .
neut	a woman is traveling by her way on a bench .
cont	one man walks through the sunshine
cont	a child is at the park .
cont	a woman and her husband are walking through the park .
enta	the woman is on a street .
enta	a woman in a coat and a coat is walking by a city .
enta	two woman walk on the city street .
neut	the woman is trying to cross before the snow .
cont	a woman is going to a red dress towards the ocean .
cont	a woman is seated on a bench in the park .
enta	two woman are outside and is standing up .
a man in an orange hat and brown jacket and pants running on snow in snowshoes .
neut	a man is running in a marathon .
neut	a tall human running
cont	a man is running on the beach .
cont	a man in a green hat is running on snow .
cont	the man is wearing a blue hat
enta	the man is wearing a hat
enta	a man in a hat
enta	a man in orange is running on snow
neut	a sad man is running on snow .
neut	a man runs through the snow at the park .
cont	a man is driving a car
cont	a man is wearing solid red clothing .
enta	a man in orange is running on the snow
enta	a man in an orange hat and pants has a shirt .
enta	the man is in the snow .
neut	a man is getting tired of jogging down snow .
neut	a young man is wearing jeans and a bikini and is running .
cont	a man eats his mom at a campsite .
cont	a man in a red hat is jogging .
enta	a man in an orange shirt and no pants is on the snow .
a man in his skateboard jumping over a grocery cart as his friends in the back watch .
neut	a man is riding his skateboard to the park .
neut	a man is riding a skateboard to the park .
cont	the man is in the car .
cont	a man sits on a bench
cont	a man is swimming in the ocean
enta	a man in his skateboard is doing a trick in the air .
enta	a man is jumping over a cart .
enta	the man is riding a skateboard .
enta	a man jumps over a cart .
neut	the man is making a lot of items for his family .
neut	a skateboard races over a man .
neut	a man and his friends are practicing for a skateboard competition .
cont	a man skateboards on the beach .
cont	they are riding on the park .
cont	a man rides a bike down a hill .
enta	a group of people watch as a man is skateboarding .
enta	there are people in the frame .
neut	a man is taking off and jump into a house .
cont	the man is driving a car in the middle of a .
cont	a guy is driving a skateboard and bucket .
enta	the guy in the frame is doing a flip .
a woman in a blue shirt stands with her hands on her hips .
neut	a woman is waiting for her husband
cont	a man is wearing a blue shirt .
enta	a woman stands .
enta	a woman is standing with her hands .
enta	the woman is wearing a blue shirt .
neut	a woman is taking pictures of the man .
neut	a women in blue is waiting for someone else .
cont	a boy jumps into the air
enta	a woman is standing with her hands on her shoulders
enta	a woman has her hands up .
enta	a woman in a blue shirt and his hands is standing with her hands in
neut	a woman is reading the novel on her shoulders .
neut	a woman is taking her picture a man .
cont	a woman wearing blue is standing and alone in her back yard .
cont	a woman is standing around while the other taking a nap .
enta	a woman in a blue shirt stands by his purse .
a man wearing padded arm protection is being bitten by a german shepherd dog .
neut	the dog is a labrador
neut	a man and a dog are playing with a dog .
cont	the dog is running through the park with a mouse .
cont	the man is sleeping on the couch
enta	a man is being watched by a dog and a dog .
enta	the dog is being used by a dog .
neut	a man carries a black dog to get to his girlfriend .
neut	the doctors are feeding birds .
cont	a dog and a cat are swimming in the ocean .
cont	there are no poodles brushing the man with the dog .
cont	a woman shows the dog
enta	the man is by the dog .
enta	the man is being watched .
neut	a soldier is going back to another kid .
cont	the man is not wearing a bird creature .
cont	a man on the video and a pig has a broken bear .
enta	a person is about to land .
a woman is holding a sign that says honk to indict bush .
neut	a woman holds a sign for her mother 's sign
neut	a woman is holding a sign for a wedding .
neut	the woman is wearing a dress .
neut	a woman is holding a sign in a bar .
cont	the woman is sleeping in bed .
cont	a woman is sitting on a bench .
enta	a woman holding a sign
enta	a woman holding a sign stands to a sign with a sign .
enta	a woman is holding a sign
enta	a woman holds a sign with a sign
neut	a sad woman is standing holding a sign at a church rally .
neut	the woman just finished .
cont	a man is holding a sign at a church .
cont	the woman is driving the car .
enta	a woman is showing a sign .
enta	a woman is holding a sign holding a sign .
enta	there is a woman .
neut	the woman pulls the sign of her mother to make .
cont	a lady is kissing in front of a flag .
cont	the woman is drinking soda .
cont	a woman is tourist a red and nike .
cont	a woman is holding a phone and novel of ice .
enta	there is a woman shown taking a sign .
tourists enjoying mother nature .
neut	the tourists are enjoying a day at the beach .
neut	tourists are at a park .
neut	tourists are taking a nap together .
cont	people are sitting on a couch .
cont	people are at a movie theater .
enta	a group of people are enjoying a day
enta	a couple of tourists are enjoying a day .
neut	tourists look for vacation
neut	tourists are leaving their mom 's mom .
cont	two white women walk into the ocean
cont	the man is sixty years old .
cont	tourists ride a tricycle into a lake .
enta	a group of people are going to a nature .
enta	the people are outdoors .
neut	a couple of surfers are sitting in their front of a wedding .
neut	the people are using inflatable to see leaves .
cont	people stand in the field of their school .
cont	the people are walking in the winter ,
enta	the children was involved to each other .
boy , of age approximately 10 years old , lunging into pristine pool on hot summer day .
neut	boy at a park is at the park .
neut	a boy is playing with his friends .
neut	a boy plays with his friends
cont	a boy is swimming in the ocean .
cont	the boy is playing with his dog .
cont	the boy is playing with a dog .
enta	boy is outside
enta	a boy has a pool .
enta	a boy is playing with a toy .
neut	two boys are competing in a competition .
neut	a father and his boys are swimming .
neut	a young asian boy is playing in the pool with his family .
cont	the group of children were watching television .
cont	the boy is walking down the street .
cont	a group of people having a picnic in the park .
cont	an adult is on the bench at the park
enta	some kids are playing with a pool in a swimming pool .
enta	a kid swims into the pool
neut	a boy is waiting for youtube in the pool .
cont	a prisoner swimming in the world
cont	the boy is standing and turning on their car .
enta	the boy is under the public pool .
enta	a boy is feeding a up near .
on a snowy day a man with a north face jacket walks through the crowded streets past a garbage truck
neut	a man is walking to the top of the snow
cont	a man is sitting on a bench in the park .
cont	a man with a jacket walking through a field .
cont	a man sits on a bench .
enta	there is a man walking through a snow covered street .
enta	the man walks past a garbage truck .
enta	the man is walking past a truck
enta	a man walks through a crowded street .
neut	the man is walking towards a large fire on a sunny day in the city
neut	the man is walking home from work
neut	a man is having a walk party for the first time .
cont	a man is standing on a busy street .
cont	the man is rolling a truck in a field .
cont	the man is on a farm
cont	a man is at home sleeping
enta	the man is outside
neut	a man is going to get another tree in the snow .
cont	a man is eating cake at a restaurant .
cont	the man is giving a repair of mars .
cont	a whale walks in front of the truck .
cont	a man is wearing a horse hat while standing by the store .
enta	a solitary person is walking along a car .
enta	a man is near the way of a vehicle .
a woman walking in front of a yellow building .
neut	the woman is going to the building in the city .
neut	a woman is walking to a yellow building
cont	a woman is sitting in a chair at the park .
cont	a woman is on a bench .
enta	a woman is walking in front of a building .
enta	a woman is in front of a building .
enta	the woman is walking
neut	the are white school of the building .
cont	a woman is walking the purple building .
cont	a woman is sitting next to a blue building .
enta	a woman walking on a building .
enta	a woman is walking
neut	the woman is a walking busy home .
cont	a woman is shopping at the beach .
cont	a woman is screaming at the ocean with the white building .
cont	the woman is running in a boat .
enta	a lady walks on the outside .
enta	a woman in front of her crossed while walking in front of a building .
a woman closes her eyes as she plays her cello .
neut	a woman is playing a violin in a band .
neut	a woman is playing the violin for a large crowd of people .
cont	the woman is playing the piano in the park .
cont	a woman is sleeping on the floor .
cont	a woman is sleeping .
enta	a woman is playing a musical instrument .
enta	the woman is playing a musical instrument
enta	a woman is playing a musical instrument .
neut	the woman is a professional singer .
neut	a woman plays the violin to performing .
cont	the woman was dancing
cont	a man is drawing a child how to play the violin in the audience .
cont	a woman is drawing a child playing the drums .
enta	the person practices music
enta	woman is on the instrument .
neut	the women is about to third up the man .
neut	a woman is trying to make children while playing a violin .
neut	people are playing gospel while wearing live .
neut	a woman is about to run past .
cont	the lady is dancing in the street .
cont	a woman just picture his hair on the stage .
enta	there wear a woman looks on .
enta	a woman is watching as she performs
a man with black pants on walks by a wall with unique art painted on it .
neut	a tall human walking
neut	the man is walking to the store
neut	a man walks by a wall with a new painting on the wall .
neut	the man is walking to the store .
cont	a man with a black shirt on is on the ground .
cont	the man is in the middle of the ocean
enta	a man is outdoors .
enta	a man is outdoors .
enta	a man is walking .
enta	a human walking by a wall
neut	a man is at his house with a new york .
neut	a man is going to buy his friend .
neut	a man is giving a speech to a building .
neut	he likes to see .
cont	a man is taking a nap
enta	a man with black pants and a man is outside .
enta	some man are holding painted .
neut	a man is going to get a refreshing picture of the wall .
cont	a man with a hat is standing still on the surface with his parents .
cont	the man is in a purple room .
cont	a man with trout hat in his white shirt .
enta	a man is walking by a wall .
a woman in a green skirt and white tank top singing into a microphone .
neut	a woman is singing to a large crowd of people .
cont	the woman is wearing a blue skirt .
cont	a man is wearing a black skirt and white jeans .
enta	a woman is singing .
enta	a person is singing .
enta	the woman is near a microphone .
neut	a woman makes a new solo .
neut	a woman in green pants stands in a microphone to a group of friends
neut	a female sings into a microphone is holding a microphone to a crowd .
neut	a girl is singing to a birthday party .
cont	a man plays the guitar with his family .
cont	there is a fire stage
cont	the woman sitting in the chair singing .
cont	woman playing dress music
enta	a female played a band .
enta	a woman is doing a performance .
neut	a woman is in a microphone and trying to put her .
cont	a woman is brushing his teeth while in the city .
cont	a woman in a green skirt is sitting alone .
enta	the woman is giving out a microphone .
an elderly gentleman ransacking a waste container .
neut	the man is trying to get to the store .
neut	the man is trying to get to the store .
neut	a man prepares to make a fish .
neut	the gentleman is a farmer .
cont	the gentleman is cooking dinner .
cont	the man is at home sleeping
enta	there is a man working on a sewer
neut	a old guy is trying to clean dishes .
neut	the man works a fish of fish
neut	a man is at work cooking for his family .
cont	the woman is looking at a cat
cont	the man is lying on the floor .
cont	the elderly man is eating in a restaurant .
cont	the old man is in a grocery store .
enta	an elderly man looks over an electrical vendor .
neut	the older man works at the pit and he is working .
cont	a elderly man is skinny on top of a cart eating lunch .
cont	a kid sleeps on a flat tire .
cont	an older man is getting his dinner by sitting .
cont	the young man is building a sandcastle .
enta	an old man travels with a workers equipment .
the black dog is running through water .
neut	the dog is chasing a ball
neut	the dog chases a ball in the water .
cont	the dog is playing in the yard
cont	the dog is running through the grass .
cont	the dog is running through the grass .
enta	a dog is running .
enta	a dog is in the water .
enta	the dog is running through water
neut	the poodle jumps in the water .
cont	a cat is running in a grassy field .
cont	a dog chases a cat .
cont	the dog sleeping .
enta	a dog is outside in water to impress water .
neut	a beagle is running fast through a sea .
neut	a dog is running through the water to get a hike .
cont	the black dog is not running across a road .
enta	a dog is running across the water .
there are two men standing beside a market of fruits and vegetables .
neut	two sad men standing next to fruit and vegetables and vegetables .
neut	two men stand next to fruit and vegetables for a new fair .
cont	the men are sitting on the ground .
cont	two women stand next to fruit and vegetables
enta	two men standing beside an market .
enta	two men standing next to fruit and vegetables .
enta	the men are standing beside an market .
neut	two men know each other for their children .
neut	two men are waiting for a concert
cont	two ladies are running .
cont	the men did not smoke .
cont	a two woman eating a grilled at the mall .
enta	two men are outdoors waiting .
enta	two men stand near a market .
enta	the men are near the market .
enta	three male men are near the market .
neut	the two men are working in the york building , and friends .
neut	the men are love to a good color of fruit .
neut	the men are getting fixed on their way .
cont	the men stand in the restaurant reading a book .
cont	an old woman is currently helping to get away from a market .
enta	two men are late with fruit .
enta	three men are outdoors in a market .
a large man dressed in black on a street corner by a red brick building .
neut	the man is waiting for his wife .
neut	the large man is waiting for someone .
neut	a man is waiting for a bus .
cont	the man is wearing a red dress .
cont	a large man is standing on a bench .
enta	a man is outdoors .
enta	the man is in black
enta	a man is outside
enta	a man in black
neut	the old man is quietly the orange building .
cont	the man is not at a concert .
cont	a boy wearing a black suit sleeps on a street corner .
cont	a man playing a guitar
enta	a man is dressed up
neut	a heavy man is wearing a traditional sweatshirt and facing a building .
neut	the man is leaving from the restaurant as a crowded building .
neut	a man is building a certain building in the parade .
neut	a priest is dressed in black and white .
cont	a man is being chased by a car .
cont	the biker is wearing a yellow suit .
cont	the man is on the floor with his son 's hair .
enta	a man in black , near the street crossing .
a boy rides on a camel in a crowded area while talking on his cellphone .
neut	a boy is talking to his friend .
cont	a boy is sitting in a chair .
cont	the boy is in the kitchen .
cont	a boy is riding a horse .
enta	a boy is on a camel
enta	a person is on a camel .
enta	a boy is talking on his phone .
neut	this boy is waiting for his friend .
cont	a boy is fishing at the beach .
cont	there is a dog playing with a ball in the city .
cont	a girl riding a horse on the street
cont	the boy is drinking at the pub .
enta	a boy rides on a camel
enta	a man is traveling and drinking on the phone .
neut	a boy stares at the horses and homeless in his parents .
neut	a boy is riding his favorite ride on a date .
neut	surfer student to become a horse during the night .
cont	a boy is riding a bike down the sidewalk .
cont	a boy in a red spring sits on the beach .
enta	there is a boy with his phone
enta	a boy is being outdoors on the side road .
a man in a wetsuit surfing .
neut	a man surfing in a competition on a sunny day .
neut	a surfer surfing on a lake in a wetsuit .
cont	a man is swimming in a pool .
cont	a man is riding a bike
enta	the man is surfing
enta	the man is surfing in the water .
neut	scuba man is wearing a scuba swimsuit at his surfing competition .
neut	a man is trying to reach his water
cont	a man is jogging .
cont	the man has a meeting on his head .
cont	a man who is standing in the sand are swimming at the beach .
enta	a man is wearing a wetsuit and a wetsuit
enta	the man is in a surf .
neut	a man is jumping over a lost item .
neut	a gentleman is wearing a green helmet .
cont	a man is riding a skateboard to get a kite .
cont	a man is wearing a solid yellow swimming .
cont	a man is on a mountain pool
enta	the man is wearing a costume .
a man walks down the alley talking on his cellphone .
neut	a man is walking to work .
neut	the man talks to the audience .
cont	a man is sleeping on a couch .
enta	a man talks to a man on his phone .
enta	a man is talking on his phone .
enta	a man walks down the alley
neut	a waiter is talking to someone else .
neut	a man is showing off to a family of friends .
cont	he stands on the street .
cont	a man is riding on a busy street .
enta	a man walks down the street with his cellphone .
neut	the man is walking across the a small city streets .
neut	a male is walking down a city street .
cont	a man rides his new bike in the snow .
cont	the man is running to catch a ball .
cont	a man is sitting on the beach watching a movie .
enta	a man walking down the street and talking on his phone .
enta	the man will crossing a phone .
a street vendor in chef 's clothing with a food cart , which has gathered people around it .
neut	the man is selling food at a restaurant .
cont	the person is at the beach
enta	a person is selling food
enta	a vendor is in a food cart .
enta	the vendor is selling food .
neut	a man is standing and holding a food cart on a street corner .
neut	a vendor talking to his family
cont	a man is buying his wife 's apron .
enta	a vendor in jeans and a food cart is standing .
enta	a person working at a store with food .
neut	a person is happily in front of a street shop .
cont	a small man is shopping and coffee at the table .
enta	a person is taking a photo of the people .
enta	an individual uses a food cart that has more people
three men converse in a crowd .
neut	the men are all wearing hats .
cont	three men are at a bar
cont	three men are eating dinner .
cont	the men are eating .
cont	three men are at a bar
enta	some men are talking .
enta	the men are in a crowd
enta	three men are near each other .
enta	the men are having a conversation .
neut	three guys take their dinner
neut	the three men are famous friends .
cont	men are crying
cont	three men are fighting over a bet
enta	the three men are all together .
neut	a group of men are getting read to each other .
neut	two men for a big crowd of men .
neut	one climbers are going into the crowd .
neut	these men are facing up in the group .
cont	an shirt feet in the living room .
cont	the men are in the library waiting for someone .
cont	three men are racing a marathon .
enta	the people in the audience are having a few conversation .
a dune buggy traveling on sand .
neut	a farmer is on a beach .
neut	the farmer is riding a unicycle in the sand .
cont	the person is riding a bike .
cont	a dog is running
enta	the people are outside
neut	a wooden dirt dirt buggy being passed on the dirt road to get to the
neut	the buggy is old
neut	cyclists are getting ready .
cont	a trail trail is empty
cont	a man and a pig are sitting on a park bench .
enta	a dune buggy is on the sand .
neut	the grass was just ready to ascend
neut	a small child is on the sand waiting .
cont	a woman is sitting on a beach with sharp rings .
cont	a robot is not cutting onto a boat .
enta	a day of different atmosphere people by the sand .
enta	a paved scene with people is climbing down the sand .
child inside of large snow fort .
neut	the child is playing in the snow
cont	a child is sitting on a couch .
cont	the child is sleeping .
cont	the child is playing in the sand .
enta	the child is outside in the snow .
enta	the child is outside of a snow american snow ground .
enta	a child is outside .
enta	the child is in the snow .
neut	a kid is looking at the rocks to play the game
cont	a child is laying on the beach in the snow
cont	a child was at home
cont	a child looks at the stars .
enta	there is a child in the dark .
enta	child outdoor together .
enta	the child is looking at the snow .
neut	the child is wearing sandals back .
neut	a child is trying to get away in a snow cave .
neut	the baby is on the snow to paint .
neut	a kid hangs a hose in the snow .
cont	a child is running towards the highest of snow .
cont	a child puts at the store for others .
enta	a kid is cleaning snow .
enta	child is standing near the snow
a man dressed entirely orange is taking a photo of a man sitting , there is a big group of people sitting nearby .
neut	a man is taking a picture of a group of people at a wedding .
neut	the man is taking a photo of a group of people at a concert .
cont	two men are playing chess in the park .
cont	a man wearing a blue shirt is sitting
cont	the man is not wearing something .
cont	a man wearing a blue shirt is sitting .
enta	the man is taking a picture .
enta	a man and a man are sitting .
enta	the man is taking a photo of a group of people .
enta	the group of people are sitting .
neut	a man is married to the family .
neut	the man is italian .
cont	the man is alone on the street .
cont	the guy is driving a car .
enta	there are two people talking .
enta	there are two men in this picture .
neut	the guys of one of a man are waiting for protest
neut	the man is helping his man with sports event .
cont	a man is showing a puppy a trade trick .
cont	the man is on a break with his bag .
enta	a man and man are outside in front of a building .
enta	a man uses the photo while on a photo .
a group of people walk up a ramp on a cloudy day .
neut	the people are walking up a ramp to get to work .
neut	the group of people are going to a party
cont	the people are sitting in the living room .
enta	a group of people are walking up a ramp
enta	a group of people walk up a ramp .
enta	a group of people are walking up the path
neut	some of the people wait for the store to open .
neut	people are going to the store .
cont	the women are sitting on the bench .
cont	the men and women are running down the ramp
cont	there are people eating lunch outside .
enta	the group of people walk down a platform .
neut	people are walking to a concert .
cont	the people are running to the store at school .
cont	the group in christmas touches wears .
cont	the service racers are standing on the hot lake .
enta	people are walking outdoors .
five people are playing in a gymnasium .
neut	the people are all wearing blue shirts .
cont	people are playing basketball
enta	some people are playing together .
enta	the people are playing
enta	people are playing a sport .
enta	people are playing together .
neut	the group of people are practicing for the final performance .
neut	four children play with their family in the gym .
neut	six people play with their team .
cont	the group of people play a game of tennis outside .
cont	six people are playing the piano .
cont	the men are talking on the couch .
enta	people playing on a structure
neut	some people are near a classroom class .
neut	three people are playing at each other 's act .
cont	three people are skating around a play pool .
cont	the runners are at the zoo
enta	people in the gym /
four people are bandaging a head wound .
neut	the people are getting ready to go to work .
neut	the people are getting ready to go to work .
neut	the people are getting ready to go to work .
cont	people are playing volleyball .
cont	four people are fighting .
enta	four people have a head .
enta	the people are using a head .
enta	there are four people .
neut	friends are getting ready to work .
neut	four men with metal a person are using a machine at the park .
cont	four people are naked
enta	there are four people .
neut	the people are going to cook shop .
cont	four people are catching a stick .
enta	there are some people between each other .
enta	two people are being outside with a string .
a man in a denim shirt and pants is smoking a cigarette while playing a cello for money .
neut	a man plays his cello for a crowd of people
neut	a tall human smoking .
cont	a man is wearing a blue shirt
cont	a woman is smoking .
cont	a woman is smoking .
enta	a human smoking .
enta	a man is smoking
enta	the man is wearing jeans .
neut	a man is surprised for the performance
cont	a woman in a red shirt uses a soda gras hat .
enta	the man is wearing a shirt .
enta	a man is holding an instrument .
neut	a man is using make-up to scare how the people .
neut	the man is celebrating a class performance .
cont	a man is filming the baseball pool .
cont	a woman is eating ice cream at a music .
cont	a man man laughs at a cow in his shop .
enta	a man goes , playing an instrument .
a black dog holding an orange object in the water .
neut	the dog is chasing a ball in the water .
neut	the dog is playing fetch .
cont	a dog is sleeping .
cont	a dog is holding a cat .
cont	the dog is in the desert .
enta	a dog is wet .
enta	a dog is holding an orange object
enta	the dog is holding something in water .
enta	a black dog holds an orange object in the water
neut	the dog is trying to get the water from the water .
neut	there is a dog playing in the water .
neut	the dog has a ball .
cont	a dog lays on the beach
cont	the dog is not standing
cont	a cat is sitting in the water with a black object .
cont	a dog chasing a rabbit .
enta	a black dog and a red object .
neut	a rich dog is about to get a cat .
cont	the dog is catching a tree by the lake .
cont	the dog is chasing the german by .
cont	a dog is running between the river with a string .
cont	a dog is chasing a bearded husky .
enta	a dog is with a red object .
enta	a black dog is with an orange ad .
a girl lays on a wooden deck with a piece of clothing covering her face .
neut	the girl is a farmer .
neut	the girl is a farmer .
cont	a girl is sitting on a couch
cont	girl plays with her dog
cont	a girl is swimming in a pool .
cont	a man sits on a deck .
enta	a girl is laying on a deck .
enta	a girl is on a deck .
enta	the girl is laying down .
enta	a girl laying on a deck with her face in the air .
neut	the girl is good at playing .
neut	a girl is practicing for her family for the first time .
cont	the girl is standing in the mud .
cont	a girl is dressed as a clown .
cont	the boy is covered in mud
enta	the girl is looking
neut	a girl has a red color of ground .
neut	a little girl is trying to earn her husband on a window .
cont	a girl is swinging on a large boat center .
cont	a girl is filling her arms in a big hoop .
enta	a girl has a picture taken
an older perhaps asian man who is wearing a sleeveless shirt with quite a few people in the background .
neut	a man is trying to get a lot of people
neut	the man is wearing a helmet .
neut	the man is wearing a helmet .
cont	a man is wearing a black shirt
enta	the man is wearing a shirt .
enta	a man is wearing a shirt
enta	people are wearing clothes .
enta	the man is wearing a shirt .
neut	a man watches the mans and child .
neut	a man is opening a couple of people to a painting project .
cont	an asian man is walking along the beach .
cont	an older man is driving a car .
cont	a elderly asian woman is naked and frowning .
enta	there are people watching a man .
enta	the person is looking at the man .
neut	a man is joining a farmer getting drunk .
neut	a fat person in a shirt holds onto their next board .
neut	the male man is dressed as a motorcyclist .
cont	the woman is running around a nursing office .
enta	a young groom displays some one of people in the background .
enta	there is a couple in the circle with a person .
there are three woman conversing at a table with drinks .
neut	the women are wearing sunglasses .
cont	the women are eating dinner at a restaurant
cont	the women are at the beach .
enta	the women are having a conversation .
enta	the women are talking at a table .
enta	the women are talking at a table .
neut	three women are talking to their friends .
neut	a group of women are making noise for the wedding .
cont	three men are in the bathtub watching .
enta	they are at a table .
enta	women are laughing
enta	three women are laughing at a table .
neut	the people 's billy has a very beard .
neut	the woman is wearing a mask , to sell beer .
cont	the women are twirling out in the bathtub .
cont	woman is cooking a bubble against .
enta	there are people dressed in line
enta	all of the lady are next to a table .
enta	two women tussle and sitting at the table with food .
a band which includes an upright bass player is playing in a tent in front of canadian flags .
neut	a band is playing in front of a large crowd .
cont	the band is playing in the sand .
cont	the band is playing in a field
enta	a band is playing music .
enta	a band is playing a song in front of a crowd .
enta	a band is playing .
enta	a band is playing .
neut	a rock band is going to perform a concert .
neut	a band plays for an audience
neut	a band is performing for an audience .
cont	the band is performing in a pool .
cont	the band is in an empty room .
cont	a girl sings and playing a song on the street .
enta	a musician plays music outside .
enta	a band performs music in front of flag .
enta	someone on an instrument plays an instrument .
enta	an audience is playing the drums
neut	the band is two year year by a hurricane .
neut	a band reads playing at a band park .
cont	five studied gathered are in front of a plane to steal himself .
cont	a band is playing drum in a field .
enta	the interesting crowd is playing near a bright tent .
enta	a band of the band played by a mural .
a brown dog with a blue muzzle is running on green grass .
neut	a brown dog chases a ball in the grass .
neut	a dog is chasing a ball .
neut	a dog is chasing a ball .
cont	a dog is sleeping on the couch .
cont	a dog is sleeping in his bed .
cont	the dog is sleeping
enta	a dog is running .
enta	a dog with a blue top is running on the grass .
enta	a dog is running on the grass
enta	a dog running on grass
neut	a brown dog is playing fetch with his owner .
neut	two brown dog running on the grass , playing fetch with his owner .
cont	the brown dog is walking on a field .
cont	a blue dog is asleep
cont	a black dog is on the couch .
enta	a dog is near the grass .
enta	a dog is running up the grass .
neut	a dog ran on a cold lawn with light green grass .
neut	a dog is running with a dangerous tan golden grass .
cont	a dog is being attacked in a bright suit .
enta	the dogs are in the grass ,
two people work construction on the inside of a house .
neut	the house is small .
cont	there are people sitting on the ground in the house
enta	two people working on a house
enta	a couple of people are working on a house .
enta	two people work on a house .
enta	a couple of people are working .
neut	two construction people working for the job for the job
neut	some people are preparing a family at the house .
neut	two people repair the room
cont	the woman on the beach
cont	the men have no facial hair .
cont	the men are working in a closet .
enta	a couple of people are working in a building .
enta	construction workers working on a house
enta	people are using a building .
neut	two people are going on a green house with their house .
neut	the people are trying to pick signal around .
cont	the people are working on the ground with their green shack .
cont	two people are writing on a garden beach .
enta	the people are working on the building with a house .
enta	two people are working on a building .
professional women at the registration table of an event while men in suits look on .
neut	the men are friends .
neut	the women are at a table in a bar .
cont	people are at the mall .
cont	the men are not wearing clothes .
cont	a man sits on a bench at the park .
cont	the women are at the beach .
enta	people at a table , one is wearing a shirt
enta	a man is at a table
enta	women at a table
neut	all black team skaters are wearing suits and shirts .
neut	there are women preparing for the wedding
cont	an american gymnast gets ready to perform in a pool .
cont	nobody in the room is a circus .
cont	the women were looking at the child in the kitchen .
enta	people are cool
neut	these women are gathered up to buy food .
neut	a group of female lady are about to use a mess red room .
cont	the women are reading alone of a dj .
cont	they are singing in the booth .
cont	a group of women are having a cup of wine
enta	girls are thinking at the other men .
two toddler girls appear to enjoy basking on a pile of leaves as they smile for the camera .
neut	two girls pose for a picture at a wedding .
neut	two children pose for a picture at a wedding
cont	two boys are playing with leaves .
cont	two girls are in the school class .
cont	nobody is smiling .
enta	two girls smiling at a picture .
enta	the two children are smiling .
enta	the two girls are in leaves .
enta	the two children are taking a picture .
neut	two girls are getting a drink and their parents .
cont	two kids are fighting .
cont	the girls are sitting on the couch .
cont	three twin are watching a movie in the ocean .
cont	the two girls are being eaten by a school .
enta	two people are smiling .
enta	a couple children are under a pile of leaves .
neut	two girls are trying to draw their cookie .
neut	two girls wait after each other as it wants to perform .
cont	two girls are doing drunk from a forest .
cont	two babies have no first devices in their home .
cont	two old girls sit in line to another husband .
enta	two girls are posing for a picture .
enta	two children are using their heads to a camera .
a girl in a field with a yellow scarf .
neut	the girl is at the park with her family .
cont	a girl is wearing a blue scarf
cont	a girl is wearing a blue scarf and holding a yellow scarf .
cont	the girl is wearing a dress .
enta	a girl is wearing a hat
enta	the girl is holding a yellow scarf .
enta	there is a girl in a field with a scarf .
neut	a girl is celebrating her mom 's hat .
neut	a girl is practicing for the big game .
neut	she is posing for the camera .
cont	the girl is swimming .
cont	a girl wearing a red scarf is at the top of a field of practicing
enta	a girl dressed in a field teams is being held by a woman .
enta	a woman is holding a yellow purse
enta	the girl is outdoors .
enta	a child is wearing a grey scarf .
neut	the girl is around to practice target .
neut	a girl is selling another teeth .
cont	the girl is standing up and smoking a multicolored colored .
enta	a girl has a yellow scarf .
the dog is walking in the snow .
neut	the snow is cold .
neut	the dog is a dog
neut	the dog is walking in the snow to get his first time .
cont	the dog is sleeping .
cont	a dog is inside
cont	the dog is sitting on a couch .
enta	a dog is walking in the snow .
enta	a dog is walking outside .
enta	the dog is outside
enta	a dog is walking in the snow .
neut	a puppy is trying to get out of the snow .
neut	a black dog in the snow is going to the store .
cont	a dog and a cat are swimming in the lake .
cont	a cat is carrying a puppy on a sled .
cont	a cat catching a cat into the ocean .
enta	a dog rides a snow on the ground .
neut	the dog is scared of the snow .
neut	the dad is walking through the snow ahead .
neut	the dog is walking away from the snow .
cont	chef is now now on the rink
cont	the dog is sitting in the practice .
cont	a dog is laying on the snow .
enta	a dog is walking in the snow .
enta	a dog is walking in the snow .
a football player in a blue and yellow uniform is tackling another player in a white and gold uniform .
neut	the player is a woman
cont	the football player is playing baseball .
cont	the football players are playing basketball .
cont	the players are playing basketball .
enta	the football player is playing football .
enta	a football player is holding a ball .
enta	a football player is wearing a blue and uniform .
enta	the football player is playing a game .
neut	the person is performing at the game .
neut	the kicker swings the winning team with the game .
cont	a child plays with a green uniform .
cont	no one is watching the football player .
cont	a man hits the baseball with a white and yellow uniform .
enta	two player in uniform are playing a game .
enta	a football player takes the game with his player .
neut	two para team jump over a double team .
neut	a player celebrate his football winning in their bowling shoes .
neut	a sports game being winning a big game .
cont	a person is drinking a picnic .
cont	a baseball player is running with a chess .
enta	a football player is getting wet up
enta	a person is standing in the circle with his players .
a young boy slides into home plate while playing little league baseball .
neut	the boy likes the baseball .
cont	a boy plays in a pool with a baseball .
cont	the boy was playing basketball .
enta	the boy plays baseball .
enta	a boy is playing baseball .
enta	a boy is playing baseball
enta	a young boy is playing baseball .
neut	a child plays baseball with friends .
cont	young girl is eating lunch at a restaurant
cont	the boy is standing on the couch .
enta	they are playing a game outside .
enta	a boy is playing outside with a baseball game .
enta	a child playing with a ball .
neut	a young boy is playing chase in midair .
neut	a little boy is trying to stay drinking before a baseball game .
neut	a boy is trying to get any ball like someone .
cont	a young boy is playing baseball with a snake .
cont	the young boy is playing baseball with the orchestra .
cont	a girl wears an apron and playing baseball .
cont	a kid is playing football on a couch .
enta	a child watches the teammate ,
enta	a young boy looks at the feild carrier .
a skateboarder ollies .
neut	a skateboarder is wearing a helmet .
neut	a man is doing a trick on his skateboard
cont	a skateboarder is sitting on a bench .
cont	a man is riding a skateboard .
cont	the skateboarder is sitting .
enta	the skateboarder has a skateboard .
enta	the skateboarder is doing a trick
enta	a skateboarder is doing a trick .
neut	the skateboarder is skilled .
neut	a man is practicing his acrobatic trick on the beach .
neut	an olympic team practices for the world cup .
cont	a skateboarder is performing a nude in a pool .
cont	the man is riding in the car .
cont	a skateboarder lays on the beach .
enta	a skateboarder is making music .
neut	a teenager is holding a flip during a race .
neut	the teenager is doing jumping in front of a video race .
cont	the fry is practicing in the forest .
cont	the skateboarder is going off over his backyard .
cont	a skateboarder is riding the grass cart .
enta	a skateboard rider is doing a jump .
an elderly woman wearing sunglasses stands and looks at something .
neut	the elderly woman is looking at the old woman .
neut	an elderly woman is looking at a car .
neut	an elderly woman is looking at a car .
cont	a man is wearing sunglasses and looks at something .
enta	an elderly woman is wearing sunglasses
enta	the woman is looking at something .
enta	an elderly woman is looking at something .
neut	an old woman in white stands in the rain .
neut	a lady is looking her purse in her eyes .
cont	a woman wearing a bikini is waiting for her car .
enta	the woman shows something around .
enta	a human posing
neut	a woman is using a kid told that want her
neut	the older woman is looking at the flowers with her .
cont	the old lady is asleep on the curb in a yellow box .
cont	a woman tastes her pet while sitting on the ground .
cont	woman are flexing as she is sitting down .
enta	an elderly woman is dressed as a wall .
a woman riding a bicycle past a car and a group of people on a sidewalk .
neut	a woman rides her bike to work .
neut	a woman rides a bike to the store .
cont	the woman rides the bus .
cont	the woman is sitting on a couch .
enta	the woman is riding a bicycle .
enta	a person on a bike .
enta	there is a woman riding a bicycle .
enta	a woman is riding a bike .
neut	a woman with their hands on a bicycle ride to the store .
neut	a woman is going to flip up her car .
neut	a woman riding a bicycle through a city
cont	a man is doing a stunt on the street
cont	a woman is getting her hair done on a bus .
cont	a female is running in the sand
cont	a woman wearing a bikini is going on a date
enta	a woman is on a bicycle .
enta	there is a bunch of people riding a bicycle .
enta	a woman rides a bike on a sidewalk .
neut	a woman is outside , begging the other people .
neut	a young woman is riding a bike down the sidewalk
neut	there are 2 people on the bike talking to people at .
cont	the woman is pushing her foot up .
cont	a person sits alone in the small yard .
cont	a tree eats beer on the beach .
enta	a woman is outside with an phone pulling .
bicyclists are in the street as a crowd watches them ride by a banner that say `` london 2012 '' .
neut	the bicyclists are all
neut	the people are watching a race
neut	they are watching a race for a crowd .
cont	two bicyclists are watching a movie .
cont	the people are sitting in the grass .
cont	the people are walking in the park .
cont	they are watching a movie in the street .
enta	the bikers are in the street .
enta	the bikers are watching a crowd .
enta	a group of people are riding bikes .
neut	bikers ride the street to the church .
cont	the bicyclists are sitting in the bus .
cont	the bicyclists are standing in a field .
cont	three cyclists are taking a nap .
enta	people ride a bike .
enta	the bicyclists are heading to a crowd .
neut	the family on the bike was taking part and a military team .
neut	people are shopping at the start to work .
neut	the bicyclists are about to be will be in the city .
cont	the outfits are flying in a riot .
cont	the hikers are standing around the city street .
cont	there are people floating in a forest .
enta	people ride their bikes on a sunny street .
two people are sitting next to a wood-stacked campfire at night .
neut	the people are at a party .
cont	the people are at the beach .
cont	the people are at the beach
cont	the two people are standing .
enta	there are people sitting outside .
enta	the people are outside enjoying nature .
enta	two people are sitting together .
enta	two people sit together .
neut	two friends sit around a table with their hands in the night .
neut	two people are in a wedding .
cont	a child plays on the floor
cont	the women are lying .
enta	two people are sitting by a body of water .
neut	a boy is putting a fool towards his family .
neut	a man and a crowd are getting ready to get get of a play .
cont	the people are sitting on the side of a house .
cont	some people are dancing in the dark .
enta	people view gathering in front of a chase .
enta	two people are near the fire .
several people mill around a sidewalk in front of a building looking as police put up crime scene tape .
neut	the police officers are working on a project .
neut	people are waiting for a bus
neut	a group of people are going to the store
cont	the police are in the car in the city .
cont	the police are running in the park .
cont	the people are sitting .
enta	a group of people are in a city .
enta	a group of people are working on a building .
enta	several people are working on a project .
enta	several people are looking up a building
neut	the police officer is looking at the police of a fire artist .
neut	the building is going home .
cont	the people stand in front of a fire .
cont	most of the people are running away from the police .
cont	the boy and a fire are in the office .
enta	people gather in front of a building .
enta	police officers are in front of a building .
neut	people are going to look at their community .
cont	a group of people put out of an object while destroy break down .
cont	the horses are going to their transport system .
cont	four people are tearing by a fire .
enta	the people are getting together at the building .
enta	a group is on a crosswalk , but stood .
a dog owner is running along side his pet while the pet avoids obstacles on a course .
neut	a dog is running in a race on a track .
neut	the dog is chasing a rabbit in the track
neut	the dog 's owner is chasing a cat
cont	a dog is sleeping on the floor .
cont	a cat chases a cat in the park .
enta	a dog is running outside .
enta	a dog is running outside .
neut	the dog is white
neut	the dog is on the track .
neut	a black dog is eating the toys in the park .
cont	a mouse is singing on his kid .
cont	an animal is sitting at a park .
cont	the dog 's a squirrel is sitting .
enta	a dog looks on by a dog .
neut	the pet was just back to each other .
neut	a white dog is taking a walk with their owner .
cont	the class pet is running through the backyard .
cont	a dog is going to run in the basement .
cont	a dog chases a treat of water .
enta	a dog is near two dogs .
a man is holding a bus pole in front of a building .
neut	man holds a bus to a party .
neut	a man is waiting for a bus .
cont	a woman holding a car in a race .
cont	the man is in the middle of the ocean
enta	a man holding a bus .
enta	a man is holding a bus
enta	a man holding a bus .
neut	a man is preparing to go to the truck .
cont	a young woman watches the bus .
cont	a man is reading the newspaper .
enta	a man is holding a bus button on a vehicle
enta	a man is holding a bus .
neut	the carriage is racing on the scene .
neut	a man is using two train to avoid his side .
cont	the man is frying a can of groceries .
cont	a man is cleaning up to a church .
enta	a man is holding a train rider .
a crowd gathers along the handrail of a boardwalk to watch young men leap into the air on the beach sand .
neut	the men are in a race .
cont	the men are sitting on the couch .
cont	the men are watching a movie in the living room .
cont	there is a group of people watching a movie .
enta	people watch a group of young men watch .
enta	the men are watching a group of young men .
enta	there are a crowd of people watching the people .
enta	people watch a group of young men watch
neut	some of the people have just used to perform a surfing bmx day
neut	a man is trying to win a surfing competition .
cont	some guys in a park are running into the water .
cont	two men are sleeping at the park .
cont	a bunch of people are watching tv in a competition .
enta	there are a bunch of people participating in a competition .
enta	a group of young men running on a beach
neut	a teen is making a lumberjack by her friends .
neut	the men are using sports brooms to see .
cont	the boys are enjoying an run alone .
cont	the people turns their grass as they hold down .
cont	the group of men are riding home in a mansion .
enta	a crowd of people run along a dangerous area .
enta	people are next to a hose .
enta	a crowd of men are seen outdoor by animals .
two children run up the street on the sidewalk near the building .
neut	the kids are running towards the building .
neut	two children run past the building in the city .
neut	the children are running to the building in the city .
cont	children are sitting on the sidewalk .
cont	the children are running from a building .
cont	the children are inside the house .
enta	children are running outside
enta	some children are running .
enta	the children go outside .
enta	the children are running outside .
neut	the children have a yard
cont	three kids are riding bikes .
cont	adults are playing in the street .
cont	the children are indoors watching .
enta	children running in the street .
enta	some kids are running outside .
enta	children running on the sidewalk .
enta	children play with a building .
neut	two children are scared to see it leaves .
neut	the children are running with their jobs up the city .
cont	the children are climbing down the mountain .
cont	children are sitting on the ground trying to go .
enta	two people are running together crossing the street .
enta	there are more two children running together .
colorfully dressed man dancing in the streets , while balancing something on his head .
neut	a man dancing in a parade .
neut	a male dancing is dancing on stage .
cont	a man is sleeping in a chair .
cont	a woman is dancing on a street .
enta	the man is dancing
enta	there is a man dancing in the streets holding a dance in the streets .
enta	the man is dancing .
neut	a man is dancing on his head and dancing to a crowd of people .
cont	the person is wearing a black and white shirt at the bottom of the road
cont	the man is wearing a purple shirt .
enta	the man is performing in the street .
enta	the man is dancing
enta	people wearing a man dancing in the street with a man 's head .
neut	the man is working hard wearing a wedding .
cont	the man is reading the shirt while climbing .
cont	the man has his snowboard only seen in the photo .
cont	an bald man is snowboarding in a short body of snow .
enta	a person has only his head in the streets .
enta	a man in green looks at his head with their head .
young boys playing indoor basketball , one team has black and white uniforms , the other has orange and white .
neut	the boys are playing basketball for a crowd
neut	a young boys playing basketball in the tournament
neut	the boys are playing basketball with their team .
cont	the boys are playing basketball in the park .
cont	two boys play basketball in the park .
enta	the boys are playing basketball .
enta	the boys are playing basketball .
enta	a group of people are playing basketball
enta	a young boys playing basketball
neut	the boys are making a strike .
cont	boys getting ready to go to the pool
cont	the boys are running .
enta	some boys are playing basketball together .
enta	the boys teams are indoors .
enta	boys in uniforms .
neut	two boys chasing the ball while each other up .
neut	the boys are playing basketball at a baseball game .
cont	the boys have one mountain river .
cont	adults not jumping using the team
cont	the boys are playing soccer in the park .
cont	the girls are all playing ball in a league baseball competition .
enta	two boys are play tennis on a team .
a person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets .
neut	a boy plays on the beach at the beach .
cont	a dog runs through the water at the beach .
enta	a human out
enta	a person is outside at the beach .
enta	a person is enjoying the water
neut	a woman is fat and two people .
neut	a human is catching water to start the beach
cont	a man is camping on the beach
cont	a man is flying an airplane at the beach .
enta	man is outdoors .
enta	there is a child outdoors .
neut	a person is bringing on a melting before the beach .
cont	the person is jumping on the beach .
cont	the man is throwing a woman before a crowd .
enta	a person waits in the water as a group of sun .
a mom and son enjoying a day in the park .
neut	the child is a girl
cont	the child is sleeping
cont	the mom and son are sitting on the couch .
cont	the mother and son are sitting on the couch .
enta	there is a couple in the park .
enta	there is a couple in the park .
enta	a mother and son are enjoying the park .
enta	people are enjoying a day at the park .
neut	family is enjoying a day on the park bench .
neut	a woman and her son are getting ready for a date .
cont	a mother and son are having lunch .
cont	a family is playing hide and seek in a library .
enta	a mother and son are at the park .
neut	a boy is holding a book because he is watching
neut	the boy is giving a brother to speak the tree .
cont	a girl stole two found in a magician .
cont	a little girl and daughter are sitting in the tall driveway .
cont	a man fell takes to his dog , running outside .
enta	the couple of people are dressed for air .
a child in green winter clothes is holding his or her hand up while two other children look at him or her .
neut	the child is holding his mom 's hand .
neut	two children are playing with their family .
neut	children are playing with their family at the park .
cont	the children are playing in the sand .
cont	a child is sitting on a couch
enta	the children are outdoors .
enta	the child is holding his two children .
enta	a child is holding a child .
neut	a child is having fun with their hands .
neut	the children are happy .
neut	the child is waiting for the bus to arrive .
cont	the children are not in their picture .
enta	the child is wearing clothes .
neut	a boy is having a fun time .
neut	people are helping out to unload a child .
cont	the child does not leave a sandwich at his favorite club .
cont	the boy is on top to grab a face .
cont	the boy is a mother on top of the road .
enta	a boy is wearing green and green .
enta	child is taking something while her children .
man plays electronic drum set in band .
neut	a band is playing music for a crowd .
neut	a man is playing a xylophone to a band in a band .
cont	a man is sleeping on the floor .
cont	a man is sleeping on a couch .
cont	the man is sleeping in his bed .
enta	the man is playing a musical instrument .
enta	a man plays the drums
neut	a man has a drum at a concert
neut	the man plays an instrument at the park .
cont	the man playing a guitar .
cont	a man is playing the piano in a living room .
cont	a man is holding an empty line on his musical instrument .
enta	an artist is playing a musical instrument .
neut	a man is singing with a band .
cont	a man is sleeping playing tennis .
cont	the woman is performing for an arrow .
cont	a man does n't like to his instruments on fire .
enta	a man is playing drums while in front of a band .
enta	the bearded man has his musical instruments in the band .
a girl in uniform running through the water fountain gushing water from the tiles .
neut	the water fountain is very cold .
cont	the girl is wearing a blue uniform and eating lunch .
enta	the girl runs .
enta	a girl is running outside .
enta	the girl is wearing a uniform .
enta	a girl is running .
neut	a girl is stretching playing .
neut	a girl is wearing red shoes and is running through the water .
neut	the girl is making a campfire .
cont	a woman is inside the house .
cont	the girl is wearing a long-sleeve .
enta	a human is water .
enta	a girl is inside the fountain near the water fountain .
enta	a child is in front of a fountain .
enta	a little girl is running outside .
neut	the girl is wearing red and white .
neut	a girl is going to complete a dive in the city .
neut	a girl is starting for a bird through .
cont	the girl is swimming in the river pool .
cont	the girl is sitting down and trying to land in the water .
enta	a woman wearing casual and is running past water fountain .
enta	a girl is running in the water .
a red-haired clown cries streams of tears in a white hat on stage .
neut	the clown likes the water to get to the concert .
cont	a clown is sleeping on the stage .
cont	the clown is sleeping on the stage .
cont	a woman is watching a movie .
enta	a clown is crying
enta	a clown is crying .
neut	a clown performing in a white white hat and posing for a picture .
neut	a man is performing to win a competition .
neut	a clown does a backflip in front of his family .
cont	the clown does not own in the clown 's birthday .
cont	the boy is eating at a restaurant .
cont	a girl is singing at the beach .
enta	a boy is on stage .
enta	a clown smiles after he was wearing white hat .
neut	the boy is about to join with a hat .
neut	a circus musician is performing for a large crowd .
neut	a sad female dressed is a nice kid is watching the sun .
cont	a woman is sitting on the beach surrounded by pool .
cont	the man is driving a bike alone .
cont	a cheerleader gets off a dark guard .
enta	a toy tries to be in a clown .
two women walking near a pond .
neut	the women are walking to the store to open .
neut	the women are walking to the store .
neut	two friends walk near a pond at the beach
cont	a man and a woman are walking by a pond .
enta	two women walk near a pond .
enta	two women are walking near a pond
enta	two women walk near a pond
enta	there are people walking outside .
neut	two women are walking near a lake for the first time .
neut	two women in the rain
neut	two women hold a waterfall .
neut	the pond loses lost outside .
cont	two women are brushing hands and fighting .
cont	a couple of women are riding a roller coaster .
cont	the men are sitting
enta	two women are walking
enta	two women are walking .
enta	there are two women in a pond .
enta	two women are walking down the pond .
neut	some ladies are going to win a lake .
neut	two celebrities are going to a pool .
neut	two women are gathered in a casino , looking at them .
cont	two guys are going out of their own fireplace .
cont	a man is taking a date .
cont	two women sit in the middle of a pond .
cont	the women are sitting in a big tree .
enta	the people follow as outdoors
enta	two women were in front of a pond ,
a blue race car slides off the racetrack and hits white median bumpers with its rear .
neut	the car is a shirt .
neut	a race car passes a racetrack in a race .
cont	a race car is parked in the street .
cont	a car is parked by a large meter .
enta	a car is in the air .
neut	the car is going fast on the racetrack .
cont	the person in the red car is driving a car .
cont	car driving through the park
enta	a race car is in the track .
enta	someone is riding a track .
neut	the cars love to see today .
neut	a black person is under the dirt bike for a show .
cont	a red car is spinning off of a race car .
cont	a fireman is pulled down the sidewalk to make a view .
cont	the brown cigarette is parked on the first time .
enta	a dirt car is being ridden by a yellow car .
a woman is cutting something with scissors .
neut	the woman is cutting up a pot for her family .
neut	a woman is on a date .
cont	the woman is cutting a dog in the park .
cont	a woman is sleeping .
enta	a woman is working with something .
enta	the woman is cutting something .
neut	the yard is huge
cont	a woman is dancing .
cont	a woman is watching tv .
enta	the woman is pretty .
neut	an child is fixing a band by something
neut	the woman is putting back find to make money .
cont	a woman is pulling a tire while running away .
cont	a woman pushes her hands from the speakers .
enta	a woman is working and is having a machine .
the front side of a food vendor in a park .
neut	the food vendor is taking a break from the food .
cont	a man eating a sandwich at a restaurant
cont	someone is selling food in a restaurant .
cont	a man is riding a bike .
cont	a man is riding a bike
enta	a person is selling food in a park .
enta	a person is selling food .
enta	the food vendor is selling food .
neut	a food vendor is talking to his friend .
cont	the food vendor is shopping .
enta	there is a food vendor in the park .
enta	someone in the park is in the park .
neut	the diners on the tour bench were wearing orange hats .
neut	a man is handing a place with from his eyes .
cont	the scientist sits with his colored shack in a park .
cont	a man is riding a red cubs .
enta	a side of the street lot is gathering .
enta	the visitors is waiting to a food vendor .
a football coach is walking on a football field .
neut	the coach is a woman .
cont	the football coach is running in the park
cont	a man is playing baseball with his friends .
enta	the coach walk on the field .
enta	a coach is walking
enta	a coach is outside .
enta	a person is walking on a field .
neut	the football team on the field is very old .
neut	a football team gets ready for the game .
neut	a team lost for first time .
cont	a man is working on the bench of a tree .
cont	two people are swimming together .
cont	the man is sleeping
enta	a man is at a football game .
neut	a defensive player is going to run up and down on a field .
cont	the boy is taking a picture of his head .
cont	the people are ignoring the basketball game .
enta	a football player is close in a field .
two young children on a skateboard going across a sidewalk
neut	the two children are playing with a white skateboard
neut	two young kids are playing with a skateboard .
cont	the children are playing in the park .
cont	two young kids are sitting on the couch .
cont	the children are riding bikes .
enta	there are children riding a skateboard outside
enta	two young children are outside on a skateboard .
enta	two children are riding a skateboard .
enta	children are riding a skateboard .
neut	the girls are skateboarding
neut	two young children are having fun .
cont	the children have not own .
cont	the girls is walking away .
cont	nobody scared of the street .
enta	two young children are riding their skateboard .
enta	children ride skateboard
enta	some children are riding on a skateboard
neut	two children are on a skateboard and holding hands
neut	the kids are repairing a skateboard while they are on top of the sidewalk .
cont	three young children are biking down a hill .
cont	two young children are fighting in the tall river .
cont	two kids are walking along a trail .
cont	the children are sitting on the ride and watching a run .
enta	the children are observing a skateboard trick .
a green bike is parked next to a door .
neut	the bike has a flat tire .
neut	the bike is being pushed by a man .
cont	the bike is being pulled by a cat .
cont	they are riding a bike in the park .
cont	the bike is being pulled by a cat .
enta	the man is outside on a bike .
enta	a bike is parked .
enta	a person is near a door .
neut	the street vendor looks for his bike .
cont	a bike is driving down a house .
cont	the bike is on top of a house .
cont	the person is jogging through the forest .
enta	a large object is on a door .
neut	this trailer is broken up that is on fire .
neut	the bike is white looking for a friend 's door .
neut	a race scene is being pulled by a white bike .
cont	the dogs are in the market
cont	a race car drives around the ground .
enta	an vehicle is being delivered by a vehicle .
a man standing in front of a class of asian students holding a picture of santa claus .
neut	the students are all men .
neut	the students are all men .
neut	the teacher is taking a picture of the students .
cont	the people are watching a movie .
cont	the man is holding a picture of his daughter .
cont	the man is holding a dog
enta	people holding a picture of a group of students holding a picture .
enta	a man is holding a camera .
enta	the man is holding a picture
enta	a person standing
neut	the teacher is having a conversation .
neut	the students are the best show
neut	a teacher is taking a shortcut of his friends .
neut	the man teaches his 's for the students test .
cont	the guy is not in line for a drink .
cont	a man is reading a book to the students .
cont	the man is standing with the person reading the newspaper .
enta	a man with a photo is writing a picture of a young man .
enta	in students of a person
enta	the man is working on the students .
neut	the children are next to their school break .
cont	a man is helping his wife in a car .
cont	a man inside the phone tub .
cont	a guy meditate in the middle of a class .
cont	a man is lost as a squirrel .
enta	adult is standing by a child
enta	a man is looking at the students .
a man providing entertainment on the sidewalk by playing the violin .
neut	a man performs a song on the sidewalk by a band .
neut	a sad man is playing the violin .
neut	the man is wearing a blue shirt .
cont	man eating a sandwich
cont	a man is eating a sandwich .
enta	a man is playing the violin .
enta	the man is playing music .
enta	a man is playing the violin .
neut	the man performs for a crowd
neut	a man is playing the violin for a crowd at the park .
cont	an atv is throwing a man on the sidewalk .
cont	a man is filming a stage in his car .
cont	the man is driving a car
enta	a human playing violin .
enta	the man playing the violin .
neut	the man is trying to break his facebook .
neut	a man plays an instrument to make money for the instruments .
cont	a man is playing a guitar while people look on .
enta	a man is working with an old-fashioned violin .
two dancers in azure appear to be performing in an alleyway .
neut	two dancers are performing in a parade .
neut	the dancers are performing in a play .
neut	two dancers are performing in a parade .
cont	two dancers are in the middle of the street .
cont	two dancers are in the middle of a field
enta	some dancers are standing .
enta	two dancers .
neut	some dancers are performing their new garb belt .
neut	some dancers perform the stage for the first time
neut	the dancers were very very funny
cont	the dancers are sitting on the couch .
cont	the boys were fighting over the ball .
cont	two dancers are asleep .
cont	the two dancers are jumping .
enta	the two dancers are performing .
enta	the dancers were performing .
enta	two people are behind into danger .
neut	two dancers are performing at a show with others .
neut	two performers are practicing as they perform in the park .
cont	three ballerinas are playing hopscotch down a mountain .
enta	two people are in a city with their dancers .
enta	two people are being making upside up .
enta	there are a dancers dancers in an area .
a man walking in front of a black cement wall with a bag on his shoulder .
neut	the man walks to the store .
neut	the man is going to the store
cont	the man is on a bench .
cont	a man is on a bench .
cont	a man sits on a bench .
enta	a man is walking in front of a wall .
enta	a man is walking in front of a wall .
enta	a man is outside .
enta	a man is walking outside .
neut	a man is walking through his garage looking at a pipe wall .
neut	a man is walking to his father 's bag .
cont	the man is standing still by the lake
cont	a man is standing on his shoulder
cont	the man is running his dog through the park .
enta	the man walked by the wall .
neut	a man is walking under a wall after his mother .
neut	a man is going to run away from a container .
neut	a man is walking in front of a flooded wall .
cont	the man is taking the dog back by .
cont	a man wear a blue shirt and is sitting on a tree .
cont	a man drives out of a purple wall .
enta	many people are waiting in front of a wall .
a woman is holding a baby by a window .
neut	the woman is holding her baby
cont	the woman is in the car
enta	a woman is holding a baby by a window .
enta	woman holds a baby by a window .
enta	a woman is holding a baby .
enta	a woman is holding a infant .
neut	one woman in the window watching a baby play .
neut	a woman holds her child to the first time .
cont	a woman is with a baby in her kitchen .
cont	a man holds a baby at his car .
enta	a woman is holding a baby .
enta	a woman holds a baby .
enta	a woman holds a baby and a baby is being given to a child .
neut	the woman is wearing a pink and grey outfit .
neut	a woman celebrates baby and thinks to make her father .
neut	the mother is disappointed by herself
cont	a woman is sitting on the stove of a window .
enta	a woman next to a window door .
a man playing a guitar while a woman in a checks the oven .
neut	two people play guitar at a park
neut	the two people are playing the guitar for the crowd .
cont	a man plays a guitar on a phone .
cont	the man is playing the piano at the kitchen table .
cont	the man and woman are playing the piano
cont	a man and woman are playing the piano .
enta	the man and woman are playing a guitar .
enta	a man is playing guitar .
enta	a man is playing a guitar
enta	there is a man playing a guitar on a oven .
neut	the man is an important teacher .
neut	a man is winning the game with his friends .
neut	a man and his wife are playing guitar
neut	the man is a talented singer .
cont	a boy throws his guitar to a woman and a woman .
cont	a woman chases a man to catch a bus .
enta	two people play guitar
enta	a shirtless man is holding a guitar with a woman and a woman .
enta	there is a man playing a guitar
enta	a man is near a kitchen .
neut	a man is watching his girlfriend play guitar while everyone .
neut	a man is dressed playing his guitar for a crowd .
neut	the people 's microphone are all other .
cont	a man is playing a flute in the park .
cont	a man is filming a show of england .
cont	a man and woman are playing the notes in a park .
enta	a man and woman are playing an instrument .
enta	a man is playing an album .
enta	a man is their found done .
a little girl with blond pigtails is being held upside down by a blond woman with a ponytail .
neut	the girl is playing with her friends
neut	a mother holds her daughter with a long hair .
cont	the little girl is playing with her dog .
cont	two girls are playing basketball .
enta	a little girl with a long hair
neut	a child is trying to get a new bag on a rainy day .
neut	everyone with the mother 's blonde hair are posing .
cont	the boy is at a wedding .
cont	the little boy is standing still .
cont	there is a girl sitting on a bench .
enta	there is a small child .
enta	a child being fed down the woman .
neut	a girl tries to chat while her hair ready for a test .
neut	the girl is trying to buy a blue hair .
cont	a young girl is sitting by a abandoned date .
cont	the little girl is eatting a man from the store .
enta	the baby is next to her .
two people playing baseball one running and one throwing a ball .
neut	the people are all men .
neut	two baseball players try to catch a ball .
cont	two people playing basketball on a sunny day .
cont	a man plays basketball
cont	the people are sitting down .
cont	people playing basketball on a sunny day .
enta	two people are playing baseball
enta	two people playing baseball outside .
enta	a couple of people are playing baseball .
enta	there are people playing .
neut	the quarterback makes the ball .
neut	the people are running in the field
neut	the two people are trying to win a game .
cont	the two people were watching the ball
cont	one woman plays the drums
cont	the women are standing by the ball .
enta	there are two people playing baseball .
enta	a baseball and a baseball game is being held by a group of people .
enta	two people trying to play a ball .
neut	two people are trying to cross the ball .
neut	the people are playing a game of cops .
neut	two people are running for thier .
cont	people are watching a movie before a baseball game .
cont	four people are practicing wrestling in a pool .
enta	people are running outside , men each other .
enta	two people throwing the ball at each other .
enta	two people are playing a game .
enta	the people are helping to base with a ball .
the tiny girl dressed in a butterfly ballet costume , waves her wand near a nutcracker statue .
neut	the girl is wearing a blue costume .
neut	a girl in a competition .
neut	the girl is a professional singer .
cont	the girl in the blue costume is playing with her dog in the park .
enta	a girl with a statue
enta	a girl is wearing a costume .
enta	a girl is dressed as a wedding costume .
neut	a girl in a costume is performing for a crowd .
neut	the girl is trying to make a new dress for the first time .
neut	a girl is holding a friend .
cont	the boy is wearing swim trunks .
cont	a boy is dressed like a cowboy .
cont	the girl is ice skating .
enta	there are at least one person .
enta	a girl is wearing a halloween costume in celebration
neut	an asian girl is wearing a gorilla and flowers .
neut	the girl is in the statue being some santa .
cont	the girl is intricate a hawk face .
cont	a girl is dressed as spiderman in the backyard .
cont	its girl is dressed at the new marketplace .
cont	the girl is writing in a quiet computer .
enta	the girl is in a dancer with an animal .
a girl all in black and white , and carrying an umbrella , walks down the street , as others watch .
neut	the girl is going to get a ride
neut	a girl is walking to a party .
neut	a girl is walking down the street to her son at the park .
cont	a girl and her black and blue umbrella are walking down the street .
cont	the girl is running away from the dog in the back yard .
cont	the girl is running in the park with her friends .
cont	two girls are playing basketball .
enta	the umbrella is being held by a girl .
enta	a girl is walking down the street .
enta	a girl is walking
enta	people are watching a girl walking .
enta	a girl is walking
enta	the girl is walking
enta	a girl walks with an umbrella
enta	a girl walks by a group of people .
neut	the umbrella is colorful
neut	the girl is selling hot dogs for a photo .
cont	a girl is playing baseball
cont	a boy and girl are swimming together
cont	a girl lays on the couch with her friends .
cont	the girl is in a desert .
cont	an old man is eating cake at the school .
cont	the girl was running through the park .
enta	a woman is holding a umbrella
enta	a young girl is traveling to the street .
enta	a girl looks at the umbrella on the street .
enta	the girls are on the street
enta	a girl is carrying an umbrella
enta	a female with an umbrella is carrying an umbrella on the street .
neut	the girl is knows wanted to walks along the street .
neut	a girl uses clothes on to make a umbrella .
neut	the girl is helping themselves to teach .
cont	the girl is sitting on the steps with a umbrella .
cont	the girl is alone in the middle of building .
cont	a boy is alone playing with the kids .
cont	the young girl can n't be walking down the street .
cont	the girl is in the dark front of a way road .
cont	a younger woman stands in the middle of the street with a umbrella .
enta	a girl hikes down the street .
enta	a girl is walking down the street with a umbrella .
a lady in a blue shirt and hat dancing with a man in sunglasses .
neut	the man is a woman
neut	a lady is dancing with her husband in a blue shirt .
neut	a lady and a man are dancing in a bar .
cont	a man and woman are sitting in a chair .
cont	a lady and a man are playing chess in the park
enta	a lady and a man dancing together .
enta	the woman is dancing .
enta	two people dancing with a man in sunglasses .
enta	a man and woman are dancing .
neut	the man is old .
neut	the couple is enjoying the morning .
cont	a man is fighting a woman with his dog .
enta	the lady is crouching .
enta	someone is holding a woman in sunglasses .
enta	a woman in sunglasses and a hat smiles while a man dances .
neut	two woman are acting a routine by man .
neut	a man is trying to enter a wedding man .
neut	a lady watching her daughter who are dancing .
cont	a woman and a man are eating by the spa .
cont	a woman writes to her husband .
enta	a lady gets around with a man
a police officer is standing with his arms crossed .
neut	the police officer is looking for a car .
neut	police officer is trying to get a good day .
neut	the police officer is taking a break from the police .
cont	a police officer is sitting .
cont	a police officer is sleeping in his bed .
enta	a police officer is standing
enta	a police officer is standing .
enta	the police officer is looking at something .
neut	a police officer is talking to a friend .
cont	the police officer is on the ground
cont	the police officer is standing on the ground .
enta	man is assembled
enta	a police officer is standing with his arms out .
neut	sad officer in a military uniforms are standing with paper .
neut	the police are force for fight
cont	the police officer is resting in a chair .
enta	a police officer is standing on the police looking .
people running down a two lane road .
neut	a group of people are running in a marathon .
neut	the people are running to the park .
neut	the people are running to catch a ball .
cont	the people are running in the park
enta	people running
enta	the people are running .
enta	people running down a road road .
enta	a group of people are running .
neut	the man is running a marathon .
neut	friends are outside the store
cont	people are riding bikes in the park .
cont	the people are swimming
enta	there are two people in this picture .
neut	birth new colours track towards the road .
neut	the people is again still , and is on their first walk .
neut	people are running past to a straight road down .
cont	people are sitting on a swing watching television .
cont	people are running down a hill surrounded .
enta	a group of people are running around the path .
a young girl in red pants looks at a window mannequin as people walk past .
neut	young girl looks at her mother 's for a ride .
cont	two girls are playing with a dog .
cont	the girl is in the middle of the ocean .
cont	the girl is wearing a red dress
enta	the girl is looking at a window in the window .
enta	the woman has a tattoo .
enta	a girl is looking at a window .
enta	a girl is wearing red pants .
neut	the girl is looking for the restroom .
neut	a young girl is looking at a camera to people looking at her .
cont	the woman is running in the field .
cont	the young girl sits on the couch watching tv .
enta	a girl in a red skirt stands together .
enta	a girl is walking past a window
neut	a young girl is happy while waiting for the bus .
neut	a gang is trying to unload hugs for a window .
cont	a young girl is inside singing with her brother .
cont	a young girl is laying in the dark of a window .
enta	a young girl has just turned down the window .
enta	a girl is looking at the camera .
two children in swimming trunks are standing under a water sprinkler while a crowd looks on .
neut	the children are playing in the water
neut	children are playing in a pool .
cont	children are sitting in a car
cont	two children are playing in a pool with a kite .
cont	the children are playing in the sand .
enta	the children are near water .
enta	the children are in the water .
enta	two children are standing under a water hose .
neut	there are boys wearing the same color of the water .
cont	the boys sitting in the water .
cont	kids are jumping in their rooms of a pool .
enta	children are swimming together .
enta	two children are near a water hose making a water hose .
neut	the children are taking a ride to the fountain .
neut	the people are wearing scuba black pads .
cont	a child is on the grass beside a river .
enta	two people go into a water ladder .
a woman in a white dress walking down the street with a woman in a purple shirt crossing the street .
neut	a woman is walking to work .
neut	a woman is walking to work .
neut	a woman is walking down the street to the bar .
neut	the woman is walking to the store
cont	a woman is sleeping on the street .
enta	a woman is walking down the street .
enta	woman walking
enta	the woman is outside .
enta	the woman and woman are outside
neut	a woman in a dress talks to her friend .
neut	a woman is looking for her child to the store .
cont	the woman is asleep in bed .
cont	the woman is drinking wine
cont	a man is inside a car with his wife .
enta	a little girl is walking in the street .
enta	a women is walking down the street with a woman .
neut	a woman and her husband crossed the street in a tall orange shirt .
neut	a woman gets her way to another office .
neut	the woman rings his wife outside .
cont	a woman jumps down the sidewalk on a hot summer day .
cont	woman and a woman wearing green dress walking down the street .
cont	a woman and a woman are sitting at the fair .
enta	a woman is walking outside .
two people watch tv from over a white ledge .
neut	people are watching their parents play on a ledge
neut	the people are watching the game
neut	the people are watching a movie
cont	two people watch tv at a restaurant .
cont	the bench is empty .
cont	two people are watching tv at a birthday party .
cont	two people are sitting on a bench in a park at the park .
enta	two people watch tv
enta	two people are watching tv
enta	two people are standing outside .
neut	an asian ledge is at the park taking a break .
neut	the couple takes a picture of a large crowd .
cont	a couple is running up the street with their friends
cont	two teens walk in the park
enta	people around a white white ledge .
enta	the person is on the ledge .
enta	the people watch a tv
neut	an old people are watching a flag for the next show .
cont	a riders of atvs are jogging and zombies .
cont	the they are frowning at the sign .
cont	the people are inside eating and children .
enta	two people are looking at the camera .
enta	two people are participating in a gate .
a man in a blue shirt and red hat is looking at a torch .
neut	a man is looking at a photo .
neut	the man is looking at a torch for a friend .
neut	a man is looking at a photo .
cont	a man is sleeping .
cont	a man is sitting at a desk .
cont	the man is looking at a car .
enta	a man is near a photo .
enta	the photo is near the man .
neut	a tall human standing
neut	a man is waiting for something to be in .
cont	the man is reading a book .
cont	the man does not have a red hat .
cont	a man is painting a picture at the park .
enta	the man is looking through a device .
enta	a guy in a shirt and red hat stands near a ship .
enta	a male in a blue shirt and red hat is looking at something .
neut	a man in the red shirt takes a long ride attempt .
neut	the man is 's to his mother 's day .
cont	the man is in the tuxedo juggling a field .
cont	the man is sitting with the police .
cont	a man is looking at a car changed .
enta	a man in a red shirt raises the some air .
a woman seated indoors wearing glasses , an orange shirt , jeans and sandals is eating from a container in her hand .
neut	woman eating dinner
neut	the woman is eating a sandwich
cont	she is wearing a red shirt
enta	a woman is sitting down .
enta	a woman is eating .
enta	a woman is eating from a container .
enta	the woman is wearing clothes .
neut	the woman seemed having the woman .
neut	the woman is drinking lunch .
neut	a lady with glasses sits next to a supermarket .
cont	the woman is eating a dog .
cont	a lady is eating the potato .
cont	there is a man at the grocery store .
enta	someone is soothing her hands .
neut	a woman gazes at the birthday in a container .
cont	the people are interested in a fight
cont	a woman is drinking from a small pool .
cont	the woman is eating fruit at a park
enta	there is a woman and smile stands out of a container .
enta	a woman is happy with a baby .
enta	a person is looking at a large container .
man in leather jacket reading a book .
neut	a man is reading a book in the library .
neut	a man reading a book in a library .
cont	a woman reads a book in her kitchen .
cont	a man is sleeping .
cont	a man is sleeping .
enta	a man is reading a book .
enta	a man in a leather jacket is reading a book .
enta	a man in a leather jacket is reading a book .
neut	a man is reading the book book .
neut	a man is reading a book to a dog playing a book .
cont	the man with the jacket is eating lunch .
cont	the man is eating popcorn
cont	the man is asleep in the motel , and is driving a car .
cont	the man is working on the floor .
enta	the man is reading .
enta	a man reading his book .
neut	the man is outdoors for a fashion shop .
cont	the man is reading a dog .
cont	the man is working in his room with candy .
enta	a man is reading a book .
enta	a man is reading a book .
enta	the man in a jacket has reading a book .
two cyclist a man and a woman enjoy a leisurely bike ride on the cobblestone path .
neut	two people riding a bike on a bike on a sunny day .
neut	two people are in a race .
cont	two men sit on a bench .
cont	a group of people are sitting .
cont	the men are riding a bike .
enta	a man and woman are enjoying a bike ride on a path .
enta	the people are outdoors .
enta	the people are outside on a bike .
neut	a couple walks up a bike race
neut	a man and woman are ride a green bike to get their job in their
neut	a couple is riding on a bike on a road in a race .
cont	a man and a woman are drinking a beer in a restaurant .
cont	two people are running a race .
cont	the man and woman are shopping on a beach .
enta	two people riding bikes on the road
enta	a woman takes a ride ride .
enta	an and rider are driving a bike on a path .
neut	a woman and a man are enjoying themselves at the fair .
cont	a man and his blonde women are climbing in a building .
cont	the man is crying on a bike .
enta	a mounted man is pushing a pole
a man with a black hat and jacket is loading two horses with cargo .
neut	the man is a professional professional .
neut	the man is filling his horses for his friends .
cont	a woman with a black hat is loading a horse with horses .
cont	two men are riding bikes
enta	a man is carrying a horse .
enta	there is a man in a jacket
enta	a man with a black hat and a black hat
neut	a man is trying to find his horses to his wife 's hat .
neut	the man is a man to work .
cont	a man is feeding his horse with a fish .
enta	the man is near an horse .
enta	a man is near horses on his horse .
enta	a man is making a horse .
neut	the man is constructing the three horse .
cont	a man is trying to building a skyscraper with ribbons .
cont	a man is working with a poodles of aliens .
cont	a man in a yellow hat and suspenders sleeps his horse .
cont	a man buys at camp tree .
enta	a man and his horse are outside
a young boy is bowling for one pin with a ball outside , while 3 other people are in the background .
neut	a boy is bowling with his friends .
cont	a young boy is playing basketball
cont	a young boy is playing basketball .
enta	a young boy is bowling .
enta	a boy is bowling with a ball .
neut	the boy is a professional .
neut	he is going to win the game .
neut	the boy is playing with his friend .
cont	a man is in the middle of the playing course .
cont	the woman is drinking from a ball in the field .
cont	a young girl is watching the young boy .
enta	a boy is playing ball .
enta	a boy is outside a bowling lane
neut	a child never practicing with his test .
neut	a young boy going to receive a ball and had any baseball .
neut	two people are running a red ball to play .
cont	a young boy is in his arms riding horseback .
cont	two girls animals in a competition .
enta	a boy is playing a game of other people .
man in red shirt about to have a barbecue
neut	the man is a professional chef .
neut	man about to cook some meat
neut	a man is grilling dinner for his family .
cont	the man is eating a sandwich in a restaurant .
cont	a man is sleeping on the floor .
cont	the man is wearing a red shirt and looking at the sky .
cont	man eating lunch at home
enta	the man is wearing a red shirt .
enta	a man is wearing a shirt .
enta	a man is cooking .
neut	the man is having a good time .
neut	a man is playing in the food next to a friend .
neut	a man is getting his work in a restaurant .
cont	a woman in a green shirt is watching a friend .
cont	an older woman is taking a nap .
cont	a man is sitting at his living room .
enta	a man is going to open a barbecue .
enta	a man is using a toy in a barbecue
enta	a man is at a barbecue .
neut	a man is keeping his food and placed in a restaurant .
neut	a man is wearing sunglasses on his head .
cont	the man in the yellow shirt was sleeping while his food .
cont	a woman sleeps on the bed
cont	the man is angrily quietly from the dessert .
cont	the man is taking a long tree
enta	a man is being pulled at a barbecue .
enta	a man in a shirt takes a purchase .
enta	a man in red holds a , stand in between .
a man with a white towel wrapped around the lower part of his face and neck .
neut	a sad man with a white towel
neut	a man with a white towel is wearing a white hat and gloves .
neut	a man is cooking food .
neut	a man is about to get his picture taken
cont	a man is standing on a bench
cont	the man is holding a dog .
cont	a woman with a white towel washing off her face and is wearing a hat
cont	the woman has a towel .
enta	a man is holding a towel
enta	a man is holding a towel on his face .
enta	a man is wet .
neut	the man works on his brother 's face
neut	the man is opening the cold off .
neut	man is changing his personal for the first time .
neut	a man is spending time with his friends
cont	a man is cooking at a table .
cont	a man watches his painting
cont	a man is making a cake with his family .
cont	a boy is jumping off the street
enta	there is a man with a white hat .
neut	a man is using a client to beat his girlfriend .
cont	a young man is sitting in his yoga with their head .
cont	a woman is laying down in a beach
cont	a man is fighting with each other on the ground .
enta	the man was outside , who is wearing a white piece uniform .
a woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press .
neut	a woman is getting ready to go to work .
neut	the woman is getting ready to go to work
neut	the woman is trying to get to work
cont	a woman is eating a sandwich .
cont	a woman is eating a sandwich in a restaurant .
cont	the woman is not wearing a shirt .
enta	a woman is wearing a red shirt
enta	a woman is working
neut	a lady has been drinking her boss for the day .
neut	a woman is about to make a new project .
neut	a woman is extremely hard .
cont	a woman sitting at home .
enta	a woman cuts fruit in her hands .
enta	a female cooking at the picture .
neut	it is a sun worker that got away
neut	a woman fixes the paper of prices on his way .
cont	a woman is watching a football game .
cont	a woman is in a lap with her dog .
cont	the woman is a zombie outfits .
cont	a woman is digging up a cheese .
enta	a woman takes a object that is busy .
a man balances a ball on a japanese umbrella .
neut	the man is a professional .
neut	the man is trying to get the ball to his friends .
neut	the man is a professional
neut	a man is looking for a toy to play .
cont	a man sits on a bench
cont	a man is playing a game of monopoly
cont	a man is swimming in a pool .
enta	someone is looking at a ball on a umbrella .
enta	a man is near an umbrella .
enta	a man is looking at something .
enta	a man is near an umbrella .
neut	a man attempting to control his team in the middle of the day .
neut	a man is going in his garden .
neut	a man cleans a cigarette on the beach to get to his friend .
neut	a man is playing a game at the pool with his friends .
cont	a man in a suit is playing with the president man waiting for the bus
cont	the man in the tuxedo do n't have a beard .
cont	a man is scuba diving .
enta	a man with a ball is playing with a ball .
neut	a man is training cards to get a ball .
neut	the man is trying to collect him ran a track .
cont	a man is feeding his son 's dresses .
cont	a man has jet trick on a hook .
enta	a man is checking a ball .
four people wearing street clothes work on the scalp of a woman in an improvised medical treatment .
neut	a woman with a black and black people are working on a man 's throat
neut	the woman is a professional doctor
cont	a group of people are playing volleyball on the beach .
cont	people are sitting in a chair
cont	a group of people are playing volleyball
enta	some people are working
enta	four people are working on a woman .
enta	some people are working
enta	the people are working on a woman .
neut	a group of friends prepare for a job
neut	they are working on the construction project .
neut	four people wearing blue are helping a worker build a house .
cont	the four people are tossing a ball .
cont	six kids dressed alike are playing the piano .
enta	four people in costume .
enta	a group of people in the laboratory work on their job .
enta	there are four people
neut	many people are getting ready to be working on their balance .
cont	three people are wearing bikinis and look at them .
cont	four people are walking down the street together .
cont	they are running a flashlight towards the supermarket .
enta	some people are dressed as line by their latest something .
enta	the people are standing in the street .
a young man smiles and points at something off-camera , while standing in front of a display .
neut	a tall person standing
neut	a young man is pointing at a display of his friend .
cont	the man is eating a sandwich in his kitchen
cont	a man is crying
enta	the man is near a display .
enta	the man is near a display .
enta	a man points at something
enta	a man points at something in front of a display
neut	the man is shopping for toys .
neut	a man is entertaining a wedding party .
neut	a man watches a young man trying to get a bird on his head .
cont	the young man walking down the street is holding a beer .
cont	the person is drinking a beer .
cont	a guy is using a skateboard .
enta	a man outside
enta	a man in front of a display of a display about a display .
enta	a man is having his picture taken by a display .
neut	a guy loves about to have a single picture .
neut	the young man is just using his video equipment .
neut	a man is watching others having a drum .
cont	a man is looking for a walk in the desert .
cont	the man is making boxing on the patient .
cont	a girl is laying around a gray table .
enta	the man is harmful as a demonstration .
enta	a man is beside a man who is listening to get .
a horse and rider on a steeplechase course .
neut	the horse and the cyclist are racing .
neut	a horse and rider is racing in a race .
neut	the man is riding his horse .
neut	the horse and the horse are racing
cont	the horse is on a boat .
cont	a man is on a scooter .
enta	a horse and a horse
enta	there is a horse .
neut	the person is on the track competition .
neut	a man and a horse are in a race competition in a race .
neut	a man is riding a horse is trying to catch a frisbee
cont	the horse fell down the bull .
cont	the horse and rider are sitting in the morning .
enta	an animal is enjoying the bike
enta	a rider is training
neut	the horse race behind the race is being built .
neut	the horse is flying enough for a track .
cont	a man is doing a jet tie .
cont	a man is feeding his horses in a desert .
enta	a horse landing over something .
a group of people standing on rafts with a waterfall in the background .
neut	people are on the beach with a coat of a waterfall in the background .
cont	the people are sitting down .
cont	people are resting on the beach with a coat of a body of water .
enta	some people are standing outside .
enta	there is a waterfall in the background .
neut	a group of people are holding hands to get to the water .
neut	a group of friends were enjoying on the ocean
cont	the group of people is sitting on green green waterfall .
cont	a group of people play on a playground
cont	a group is diving into the ocean
enta	there is a group of people next to a waterfall .
neut	people are standing at the city pool .
neut	people are building a boat for water .
cont	the women are standing outside , having his any picture .
cont	the people are leaning over the river .
cont	the people are watching a cat out of the woods .
enta	a group of people are standing outside of the ocean .
three people getting out a van .
neut	the van is black
neut	three friends walk to a van
cont	a group of people are playing basketball
cont	three men walk together
enta	there are three people .
enta	there are three people
enta	three people are getting out of a van .
enta	people are getting out a van .
neut	three people are fixing the van
neut	people in a van for a movie .
neut	the group of people are waiting in line to be in a race .
cont	the people are sleeping .
cont	the people are laying down
cont	the people are sitting in a van
enta	three people were sticking a van
enta	the people are making a van .
neut	the people are on the way to shoot a music festival .
neut	two people are trying to put a pole .
neut	the four people are having fun wearing a hat .
cont	four people sit alone and are sitting in a van .
cont	four people are being pulled by a fire .
cont	the three people are running their hair as they
cont	a man is cutting his arms down .
enta	the people are looking at something .
enta	a small group of people are carrying something down .
enta	three people are outside watching a van .
a female figure skater in costume is executing a routine .
neut	the female skater is doing a trick for her friends
cont	the man is wearing a suit .
enta	a female is doing tricks .
enta	someone is doing a trick .
enta	a person is doing a trick
neut	a female figure skater performing a trick of his friends .
cont	the female skater is standing in the field .
enta	the person is in costume .
enta	a female figure skater is in a costume
neut	the male of long tricks is doing tricks with the olympic .
neut	a girl is floating in a show at grandpa .
cont	a girl is rolling along the corner .
cont	the swimmer is wearing a short shirt .
cont	a senior of the skater , racing in a track .
enta	a male skater is performing an trick .
a doctor is performing surgery .
neut	a doctor is wearing a hat .
neut	the doctor is doing a surgery
neut	the doctor is a doctor .
neut	the doctor is in a race with his father
cont	the doctor is playing a guitar .
cont	the doctor is playing a guitar in a band .
enta	the doctor is doing surgery .
enta	the doctor is performing a surgery .
enta	the doctor is performing a surgery .
neut	they are taking part of a surgery .
neut	a doctor is an a professional diver
neut	the doctor is a star .
cont	a doctor is swimming laps .
cont	a doctor is sitting down in the bathroom .
enta	a doctor is near a infant .
enta	the doctor is looking at something .
enta	an athlete is performing out of a patient .
neut	it is a summer day .
neut	the kids are performing for a man .
cont	a man is using various equipment to jump .
cont	a athlete is preparing a bath in being eye .
cont	a dog is doing a routine .
enta	a doctor is taking a balance by being used .
a man in a brightly colored vest performs on stage .
neut	a man is performing for a crowd of people .
neut	the man is performing for a crowd of people
cont	a man is wearing a black vest and eating lunch .
cont	a man is playing basketball .
enta	a man performs on stage .
enta	a man performing on stage .
neut	the man is practicing .
neut	a man on stage for his new stage .
neut	a man is practicing for a concert
cont	the lady is performing tricks
cont	the man is sleeping .
cont	men are running a marathon .
enta	a man is performing on stage .
enta	a human is wearing clothes .
neut	a man is being conducted by a track competition .
neut	a man is balancing a brush lot on stage .
neut	a man is acting on a stage for recital .
cont	the man is wearing a guitar shirt .
cont	a man is chasing a spiderman .
cont	a man is working on a nice tent .
enta	a male is playing by a man .
a group of girls ride an atv .
neut	the girls are in a race
neut	a group of girls are in a race for a crowd .
neut	a group of girls are in a race
cont	the girls are sitting in the living room .
cont	the girls are in the living room .
cont	the group of girls are sitting on a couch .
cont	a group of girls is sitting in a chair
enta	girls are riding in an atv
enta	the girls are riding
enta	a group of girls are riding the atv .
enta	a group of girls ride a atv .
neut	several girls are taking a tour to the tour de france .
neut	everyone is going to the same event .
neut	the girls look for wedding dog ride an atv .
cont	the girls are naked
cont	a group of boys are on the beach .
cont	the girls are sitting at home .
enta	there are girls sitting at a drag in a vehicle .
enta	some girls are enjoying on a atv .
enta	a group of children on the atv ride a atv .
neut	three young girls ride a heart to the top of a ramp .
neut	a group of girls are working for a routine
neut	a group of performers are riding high support .
neut	the girls are currently getting their first time .
cont	a pair of girls are riding a boat during the winter .
cont	some boys run on an open farm .
enta	the friends are indoors in front of a light .
a group of people in white uniforms doing a show in the middle of the street .
neut	the group of people are at a street festival .
neut	the people are all men .
neut	the people are all wearing white uniforms and protesting .
cont	the people are in a car in the middle of the street .
cont	the people are at the beach
cont	the people are sitting in a chair
enta	some people are watching a group .
enta	the people are wearing white uniforms .
enta	some people are in the middle of the street .
neut	some people are cheering for a concert .
neut	a mans child is wearing white .
neut	a group of children celebrate a birthday party
cont	a group of women performing a circus dance in the street .
cont	a bunch of people are eating cake at a park .
cont	a bunch of people in white uniforms are sitting down watching a movie .
enta	the people are riding the street .
enta	the people were in the street
neut	the group of people are telling as cause a santa .
cont	the lone stand in the street drinking soup .
cont	the group of people are wearing solid white uniforms .
cont	the people are at home dancing
cont	a group of people are riding a lake in sand .
enta	a group of people are doing physical movement .
enta	a crowd of people are walking their sort in the street .
enta	there are several people in this forest wearing white uniforms .
two wrestlers wrestling , the one on the bottom is in submission and could possibly be in pain .
neut	the two wrestlers are competing in a competition .
neut	the two wrestlers are competing in a competition .
cont	two wrestlers are playing a game of football .
cont	a group of people are sitting in a chair .
enta	the wrestlers are wrestling .
enta	two wrestlers are fighting .
neut	the people are performing at their home .
neut	there are two wrestlers a teams is trying to win a opponent .
cont	there are no two wrestlers in front of them .
enta	two wrestlers performing outside .
enta	two wrestlers are holding to .
neut	a brother stands in the deep of his two martial match .
cont	a couple on the field indoors .
cont	two caucasian men are running fighting .
cont	women are running in their hands .
enta	there are two people in the start de .
a man punting a football as fans from the opposing team watch in the background
neut	the team is winning .
neut	a football player is trying to win the game .
neut	a tall human playing football
cont	the man is playing soccer in the park
cont	the man is eating .
cont	a man is playing basketball with his friends .
cont	a man is playing baseball
enta	a man is playing football .
enta	a man is playing football
enta	the man is playing sports .
enta	a man is playing .
neut	a man is the class team .
neut	a guy is tired at the team .
cont	the woman sits quietly at the movies .
cont	the man is sleeping in the living room .
cont	the woman dances in the rain .
enta	the football player is a team .
neut	a man is kicking a football that their owner showed up .
cont	a man is swimming slowly to eat a hot dog .
cont	a man is playing a video game .
enta	a man is holding a football
enta	a man is showing his teammate at a world .
a female dancer works on striking a pose .
neut	a woman is performing a trick .
cont	the dancer is playing a guitar .
cont	a woman is playing a game of basketball .
cont	a female is sitting on a bench in the park .
enta	the female dancer is performing on a .
enta	a woman is performing on a
enta	the dancer is performing .
enta	the dancer is performing on a
neut	the dancer performs for a crowd .
neut	a female dancer is showing off his new hobby
cont	the woman is going on a bike .
cont	the woman is sitting on her face .
enta	the group is dancing .
enta	there is someone .
enta	the woman is in the direction .
neut	a female singer is filming a re-enactment move .
cont	the girl is training very handstand .
cont	the skinny in the woman is reading a book .
cont	the woman is practicing to throwing the bowling .
enta	female masters is doing a physical activity .
a busy street full of shops and people holding hands and walking .
neut	a group of people are holding hands and walking to work .
neut	people are walking to the store to buy their goods .
cont	the street is empty
cont	there are no people walking in the street
enta	there are many people outside
enta	there is a street scene with people .
enta	there is a street with people .
enta	people walk past a street
neut	the group of people were upset from their shopping .
cont	a child is having fun in the kitchen .
cont	the street is empty on a field .
cont	the people are cooking .
enta	a crowd of people are in the city .
neut	a crowd is going to beat a camel .
neut	someone is wearing a green subway .
neut	the street with one people are dressed in black .
cont	the people are running at the store .
enta	an older street is being transported by people .
people are walking along the street .
neut	the people are wearing hats .
neut	people walk along the street to get to work .
cont	a dog is running along the street in a field .
cont	there are people walking in a park .
enta	there are people walking on the street .
enta	people walk along the street .
enta	people are walking .
enta	a group of people are walking outside .
neut	several people watch as children walk for the snow
cont	the individuals are running down the street with their hands .
cont	the man and a woman are at the bar .
cont	a bunch of people are running a marathon
enta	there are people in the street .
enta	there are people outdoors
enta	the people are on the street .
neut	a man and people are walking along the street and is holding money .
cont	brightly people are escaping with oil in the street .
cont	people are running past a street .
enta	when is on the street holding something .
enta	people are outside , some directions to others .
a standing crowd of people watches a musical performance on a lighted stage .
neut	the crowd of people watch a band play music .
cont	people are watching a movie together .
cont	a man is playing a guitar on a stage .
cont	a group of people are sitting in a chair at the park .
cont	people are watching a movie
enta	some people are watching a band perform .
enta	a group of people are near each other .
neut	a little girl and a boy play at a concert
neut	the people watch the performance is a band .
cont	everyone is at a party .
cont	the village is empty .
enta	there is a performance show .
enta	a group of people are wearing clothing
neut	the group of people are demonstrating live to make a fight .
cont	some people are eating together in a free film .
cont	a large woman is looking at the teacher .
cont	a picture of people running instead of the music festival .
cont	the crowd being drummer is looking in the crowd .
enta	people are giving a show in front of the audience .
enta	a group of people to an audience for a crowd .
enta	a bunch of people are watching a musical set of stage .
enta	people of people pose for a performance .
a race cars muffler catches on fire .
neut	the race cars are green and yellow .
neut	the car is a woman
cont	a race car is parked on a road
cont	cars are parked in a garage
cont	cars are parked .
enta	there are cars
enta	cars are being still on fire .
neut	a honda is getting ready to get to work .
cont	a man is washing his parked truck .
cont	the person is riding a train
enta	people are ready to go on the ground .
neut	the cubs is on an air group .
cont	a man is running off a ball .
cont	the suv is actually burning by the fire .
cont	the driver is on the floor very like will be on top .
enta	food are having a leads of vehicle .
a dread-locked photographer in a suit takes pictures of a group of young children sitting on the ground .
neut	the man is a professional photographer .
cont	they are at the beach
cont	a man is taking pictures of a group of children
enta	the woman has a camera .
enta	the photographer is holding a camera .
enta	a person is taking pictures of a group of children .
neut	the photographer is posing for a photo shoot .
cont	the group is eating at a restaurant .
cont	a woman is next a zombie and dancing .
enta	an officer is taking pictures of children
enta	the photographer takes a picture of young children
neut	a male operation of elderly children are friendly in front of a group .
neut	an old woman is taking a picture of her child 's face .
cont	the people are in the desert , carving a man .
cont	a boy is writing on the sun during a race .
cont	a group of people stand on the ground watching traffic .
enta	two girls are exercising in front of a large audience .
enta	a group of children in a photographer together .
enta	a teammate is being performed by a story .
man and a woman walking on the street
neut	a man and woman are walking in the street to the store .
cont	the man and woman are sitting on a couch .
enta	a man and woman are walking on the street .
enta	there is a man and a woman walking .
enta	a man and woman are outdoors .
enta	a couple are walking .
neut	a father and woman have fun to walk on the street .
neut	an cart walking the street
cont	a man and a woman are listening to music .
cont	the man and woman are in a field .
enta	two people are walking .
enta	a man and woman are getting a walk
enta	on the street are being painted by a man .
neut	two people are walking to tokyo
neut	a man and woman are enjoying a mountain rise .
cont	a man and woman are jogging down the street .
cont	woman riding a bike
enta	two people are walking down the street .
enta	a man and woman walking on the street .
enta	a woman and woman is walking down the street .
two people look at two red motorcycles in a place where there are religious murals on the wall .
neut	two friends are looking at red poles in a crowded area .
cont	a couple of people are at the beach in the city .
enta	people look at red poles in a crowded area .
enta	two people looking at something
enta	two people looking at something in a decorated room .
enta	a couple of people look at the poles .
neut	two people are getting ready for work .
neut	some woman are checking for a job
neut	two people with their bike and are waiting for a train
cont	three motorcycles are driving to the nearest in the field
cont	two people are fishing in the ocean .
cont	two people have lunch together .
cont	the people are playing poker
enta	there are two people in a building .
neut	the others are watching a football game on the wall .
neut	people are following the day outfits and protest
cont	some people are sitting down with their red motorcycles .
cont	a two children sit at a unicorn of oranges .
cont	the men are racing in the parade .
cont	two people making gear of cement .
enta	two people sit by the wall and looking at something .
a girl is playing the keyboard with her band .
neut	a girl plays her keyboard with a band in a band .
neut	a girl is playing the keyboard in the park .
cont	a girl is sleeping in her bed
cont	the girl is playing the flute .
enta	a girl plays the keyboard .
enta	there is a girl in the band .
enta	the girl is playing music .
enta	a girl is playing a keyboard with a band .
neut	a little girl is trying her music to her band
neut	an asian girl plays the keyboard on the keyboard
cont	a girl is playing the flute
cont	the girl is playing a game of tennis .
enta	a girl in a band plays music music .
enta	the girl is performing
enta	the woman is playing an instrument .
enta	a girl plays music .
neut	a girl is wearing a green skirt competition .
neut	the girl is trying to get on anything .
neut	a girl is wearing a green dress .
cont	a young girl playing the flute in a background .
cont	a girl and her band plays the violin in a bar .
enta	a young girl plays an instrument and band .
enta	a singer is getting some people play the keyboard .
enta	the girl is singing a song .
two women in bathing suit on large rocks at the ocean .
neut	a couple of women are at the beach for a picture .
neut	the women are friends .
cont	two women are sitting on a couch .
cont	the women are in a desert .
cont	two women at a table , sitting in a chair .
enta	there are people in bathing suit
enta	two women are on a rocks .
enta	two women on rocks
enta	two women are on a rocks
neut	the women are trying to make a lot of water .
neut	two women are fishing by the ocean .
cont	two young men in swimwear are holding a large dinner .
cont	the two women were running on the beach
cont	a man is working on the beach
enta	there are women are sitting outdoors .
enta	two women are wearing bathing suit .
neut	some women are in a kayak with six women .
neut	two women are at the water fall .
neut	some workers are being huge up by playing in sand .
cont	two women are fighting in the ocean .
cont	three women are working in a schoolyard chair .
cont	a woman is flying in a ditch .
cont	two women are relaxing in line on a beach .
enta	a woman is waiting in the ocean .
male crowd surfing at a concert .
neut	the male crowd is watching the band play on the stage .
cont	a man is watching a movie .
cont	a woman is watching a movie .
cont	they are watching a movie in the hall .
cont	the man is at the beach playing with a dog .
enta	the crowd is watching a man perform .
enta	there is a crowd of people .
enta	a male watches a crowd .
enta	the crowd is watching the concert .
neut	they are having a good time .
neut	the group were gathered for an outdoor concert .
neut	there are other musicians just talking to music .
cont	the guy and a male are fishing
cont	a man is at the park playing poker .
cont	a surfer and a boy are watching television .
enta	there are people in the crowd .
enta	a group of mostly dressed men during a sporting event .
enta	the group is celebrating .
neut	a man is taking a group of college graders .
neut	a man in a audience races his head .
neut	the woman is a friend at the event .
neut	a first walks walks at the concert that is being good .
cont	a man eating a hot dog at the concert .
enta	a person is about to perform at a concert .
a hiker pokes his head out of a tent high in the mountains .
neut	a man is trying to get his head out of a tent
neut	the hiker is trying to get the sun
cont	the hiker is sitting on a couch .
cont	the hiker is riding his bike in the mountains .
enta	the hiker is outside .
enta	a hiker is in the mountains
enta	a person is outside in the mountains .
enta	a person is outside in the mountains .
neut	a hiker is trying to get a drink of the sun .
neut	a hiker fishing for his first time .
cont	the person walking in the snow .
cont	the hiker is indoors eating the mountaintop .
cont	the man is indoors in a river .
enta	a man is hiking through a tent
enta	a hiker is hiking .
enta	the person in the picture is still tall .
neut	a happy diver with a shirt hanging on
neut	a rocky african high city biker near the mountains .
neut	a work is will to wear as a toy walk .
cont	the hiker is walking down the river between a house .
cont	the climber is throwing up a fire ball .
enta	a hiker is stuck out of the mountain .
enta	a person has trees in front of a tent .
a man on a small 4 wheeled vehicle is flying through the air .
neut	a man is trying to get to the top of a fire
neut	the man is trying to get to the ground .
cont	a man is riding a bicycle .
cont	a man is riding a bicycle
enta	a man is riding a vehicle .
enta	a man on a vehicle is doing some exercise .
enta	a man on a vehicle , is on a large vehicle .
enta	a man walks through the air
neut	a red helmet walking with his friends in the air .
neut	a tall human riding an obstacle on air
cont	the car is solid .
cont	a man is sleeping on the ground .
cont	an ice cream truck .
cont	someone is quietly quietly at the bus .
enta	a man is in the air .
neut	the man is a merchant on some side of a mountain .
neut	a man driving the truck to sell his new day .
neut	a man is seen for a train .
cont	the man is taking a walk to the store .
cont	a man in a red tshirt sitting in the cool desert .
cont	a man is n't fishing in the middle of place .
enta	a man is on a vehicle doing the air .
a woman pulls a small child in a sled through the snow .
neut	a woman pulls a child to get to the top of the sled .
neut	a woman pulls her child in the snow
cont	the woman is playing with her daughter in the park .
cont	the woman is riding a bike through the snow .
cont	a man is watching his child .
enta	the woman is using a sled
enta	the woman is playing with a child .
enta	a woman is outside with a child .
neut	they will get the sled to the snow .
neut	an adult in a sled race
cont	a child sits on the couch alone .
cont	a woman is baking cookies
cont	two woman are swimming in the snow .
cont	a man is baking cookies on the beach .
enta	a woman is balancing a child in a sled .
enta	a child is using a child to get wet .
neut	a woman is trying to visit a baby .
neut	the woman is smiling on the slope .
cont	a man prepares the bike ride down the mountain .
cont	a woman performs in a field with an experiment .
enta	two people fell a young child on the snow .
enta	a bunch of child are working in the snow .
a woman sitting on a bright blue bench looks up from her book .
neut	the woman is reading a book on her couch .
neut	a woman is sitting on a bench in the park .
neut	the woman is looking at her reflection at a cafe .
cont	the woman is looking at the ground .
enta	a woman is looking at something .
enta	the woman is reading .
enta	there is a woman sitting on a bench .
neut	a woman and her husband are at the park .
cont	a woman wearing blue is standing on a bench with her friends .
cont	the girl is looking at a shower .
enta	a lady is sitting .
enta	a lady is relaxing .
neut	a woman reads the childs while she reads a school .
neut	a woman plays with her look at the same game .
neut	the woman is protesting while waiting for a daughter to show .
cont	a woman is playing a tan game .
cont	a man is laying on the bench using a white partition .
cont	a woman is sitting down while leaving on the highway
enta	a woman is staring at the other .
enta	a woman sitting on the bench with a bench .
two men kayaking on the ocean near the shore while they fish .
neut	two friends ride their canoes down the shore .
cont	two men are playing soccer .
enta	there are people in the water .
enta	two men are looking at the ocean with a fishing boat .
enta	the two men are outside in the water .
neut	some men are going in a lake on a sunny day
cont	the men are running fast .
cont	the two men were sitting in the sand , but are sitting on the beach
cont	kids are fishing in the ocean .
enta	people go to water in the ocean .
enta	two rafts are holding onto the water .
enta	there are two men fishing .
neut	two men are going to go sledding .
neut	two men are catching a sandy beach to feed .
cont	the men were climbing to get lunch .
enta	two men with their boat on the beach
enta	two guys work on the boat at the ocean .
a girl in red dividing colored tabs .
neut	the girl is looking at the sky with her .
neut	the girl is looking for her mother .
neut	girl looking for her mother
cont	a girl chases a cat .
enta	a girl in red holds something .
enta	a girl in red
neut	a girl in red and yellow colored green coat sells clothes from a shelf .
cont	the girl is sitting on a bench .
cont	a woman is frowning
enta	a person is in the board .
enta	the girl is standing in front .
neut	the girl is hanging out of her right .
neut	a girl tries to get some candy around
cont	a boy is dancing with a rope .
cont	a girl is pushing a block call .
enta	a girl makes a scarf .
a man hanging outside with a rope harness paints a structure 's exterior wall with blue paint .
neut	a man is painting a mural on the wall of a house .
cont	a man is painting a house .
cont	a man is sitting on a wall .
cont	a woman is painting a mural
enta	a man is painting a wall .
enta	a man is outside .
enta	a human painting
neut	a man is getting climbing
neut	a man sculpting his new new building .
neut	the man is sweating .
cont	a boy is taking a picture of a garden .
cont	no one is making a fire .
cont	the dog is sitting up outside .
enta	someone is working .
neut	a man is a complex castle .
cont	a man is taking a fork .
cont	the man is browsing a bike shirt .
cont	the man is on a large beach .
enta	a man is preparing a raft .
a small group of adults and children stand on a cobblestone street outside of an irish pub .
neut	adults and children are waiting for a bus to go .
neut	the people are waiting for a bus .
neut	the people are waiting for a bus .
neut	the people are all wearing the same color .
neut	the people are waiting for the bus to start
neut	the people are waiting for the bus to start
cont	a group of people are sitting in a cafe
cont	the adults are sitting on the bench .
cont	the people are at the beach eating lunch .
enta	the adults are outside
enta	people stand on a street outside of a pub .
enta	there are people standing on a street outside .
enta	there is a small group of adults standing on a street outside .
enta	people are outside
enta	there are people standing outside of a pub .
neut	a family
neut	the adults and children are enjoying the first time on the street .
neut	the group were waiting for the bus
neut	adults and children crying
neut	the group of children are at a crowded park
cont	they are looking at a dog walking through the park .
cont	there are no children in the park
enta	several children are standing on the sidewalk .
enta	a large group of people are outside a busy street .
enta	a group of people standing outside a street .
enta	four people are standing on a street with children
enta	the adults are behind the street .
enta	some children are standing in a street .
neut	the there 's birthday vacation of what a large group of people .
neut	a group of people are opening up the streets full of friends .
neut	the group of people are waiting for a ferry to arrive .
neut	some people are watching a movie of the asian street .
cont	the empty group is watching a group of people take the television .
cont	the teenagers are barking at the side of the road .
cont	the children are dressed up as any person .
enta	a young child is standing having a time .
a group of people sitting in a grassy area under a pink and white blossoming tree .
neut	the people are getting ready to go to a party .
neut	people at a park
neut	a group of people are enjoying a nice day .
cont	a group of people are sitting in a chair
cont	a group of people are sitting in a chair
cont	the people are in the car of the ocean .
enta	people are sitting outside .
enta	a group of people are sitting in a grassy area .
enta	there are people outside
enta	people sit under a tree
neut	there are people learning play .
neut	people getting ready to go get dinner .
neut	someone watching the game in the woods .
neut	some people are looking for a tree .
cont	a group of people are standing on a grassy area .
cont	the people are lying in a field .
cont	a man is bird and a woman .
enta	a group of humans are visiting in a tree .
enta	a group of people are outdoors .
neut	a group of people are sitting while having a picnic in a green .
neut	a group of people are enjoying a bbq of chinese tree .
neut	they are exiting a house before it starts .
cont	the other people are enjoying a night of baseball .
cont	the group is watching a plane up from the forest .
enta	a group of people are sitting by a tall tree .
enta	a group of people are sitting in a tree .
a guy on a skateboard , jumping off some steps .
neut	a man is practicing his skateboard tricks .
neut	the guy is doing tricks on his skateboard .
neut	a guy is doing a trick on a skateboard .
neut	a man is doing tricks on a skateboard .
cont	a woman on a skateboard , jumping off steps .
cont	a man is riding a bike .
enta	someone is riding a skateboard
enta	the guy is riding a skateboard .
enta	a man is outside .
neut	a man is about to fall off his skateboard at the park .
neut	it 's snowing outside
cont	a woman in a t-shirt practices on a sunny day .
cont	the guy is watching a movie .
cont	a guy is boxing with a gun and a gun .
cont	a female is doing a trick at the beach .
enta	the man is in a skateboard .
enta	a human riding
enta	there are several people playing together .
neut	a guy is at a second strike
neut	a man moves off , fast down to a ramp .
neut	a very bucket is trying to make a skateboarding .
cont	a guy with an empty shirt is doing injured .
cont	the bald man 's shorts are riding down the road .
enta	a guy is doing a skateboard towards the steps .
enta	a guy is jumping for a skateboard .
enta	a make guy with a skateboard .
a horse and rider are in midair as they leap over an obstacle in a wooded area with another photographer snapping pictures .
neut	a horse and a helmet are in a competition .
neut	the horse is a professional .
neut	a man and a woman are jumping over a fence .
cont	a man and a woman are playing in the woods .
enta	a horse is jumping over a wall .
enta	two guys are jumping over a fence .
enta	two horses are jumping over a fence .
enta	they are jumping in the woods .
neut	the people are tourists .
neut	the man is a professional photographer
cont	two woman are watching tv
cont	the three dogs have their picture taken
cont	there is a person in a bull drinking a beer .
enta	few people is riding a horse in the woods .
enta	there are many horse in the woods
neut	the long jockey is in hurry to be photographed .
neut	the fathers are throwing over and their animals .
cont	a girl pulls from the environment .
cont	a woman rides a pony as they walk away .
cont	they are taking their horses in the park .
enta	a lumberjack was outdoors in the rough area .
two dogs run around inside a fence .
neut	two dogs run around with a fence in a city
neut	the dogs are chasing a squirrel through the fence .
cont	two cats are chasing a rabbit .
cont	the dogs are sleeping
cont	two dogs are sleeping on a fence .
enta	two dogs run around
enta	two dogs are running
enta	two dogs run
enta	two dogs are running outside
neut	the dogs are racing each other .
cont	two dogs are laying down on the grass .
cont	some dogs are napping outside .
cont	the dogs look at the sky .
cont	the two dogs are looking at each other .
enta	there are dogs outdoors .
enta	two dogs running
enta	the dogs are together .
neut	two dogs are running a big walk in front of a fence .
neut	the dogs are fighting for the dogs .
cont	the dogs were sleeping on the porch .
enta	the dogs are running through their fence .
a clerk at a store is idling a waiting for next customer .
neut	the vendor is waiting for someone .
neut	a woman is waiting for her friend to arrive .
cont	the cashier is eating the food in the store
cont	a woman is waiting for her bus .
enta	a person in a store
neut	the a woman is sitting at a store
neut	a man on a break is waiting for his family to come outside .
neut	a office worker reads the newspaper for the first time .
cont	a cop is walking in the store
enta	a security guard is near a store .
neut	a guy in a bookstore to post a subway .
cont	a bank woman is taking a parked drawn of stairs .
cont	a spider is working on a fake machine .
cont	a guy is out on a couch
enta	the vendor is at least three people .
small boys in sports jerseys play with a yellow ball .
neut	the boys are playing in the park .
neut	a group of boys play a game of basketball .
cont	the boys are in the middle of the ocean .
cont	the boys are in the kitchen .
cont	the boys are swimming in the ocean .
enta	boys are playing with a yellow ball .
enta	boys playing with a ball .
enta	the boys are playing
neut	two boys are about to play a game .
neut	the boys play football
neut	a small boy slips on a large team
cont	the boys are in the photo and eating something .
cont	the boys have no shoes on .
cont	the girls are riding a roller coaster .
enta	several children are playing a game .
neut	the young boys and women are playing baseball .
cont	cute girls are playing in a forest .
cont	a boys with their teammates are eating hot dogs .
enta	the young boys are playing with a ball .
two women wearing black t-shirts are sitting in the grass .
neut	two women are sitting in the grass with their wives
neut	the two women are waiting for a bus to arrive .
cont	two women are sitting in a chair .
cont	two women are sitting in a chair .
enta	the women are sitting in the grass
enta	there are people in the grass
enta	the women are wearing black .
neut	two women see their boss
cont	the women are running a marathon .
cont	three women are inside .
cont	the two men are on a swing .
enta	people wears black clothing
enta	two women in black shirts .
neut	two women practice along the grass to build a nice summer .
neut	two women are sitting in the grass during a festival .
cont	two women are sitting on the ground surrounded by streets .
cont	three women are inside a swing slide .
cont	the women are playing with a makeshift .
enta	the women in the middle were wearing black robes by sitting .
a man in a gray shirt sorts through hawaiian style shirts in a department store .
neut	a man in a gray shirt is looking through a large new store
neut	a tall human with a shirt .
neut	the man is a farmer
cont	a woman is eating a sandwich .
cont	a woman is eating
cont	a man is wearing a blue shirt
enta	a man in a gray shirt is working in a store .
enta	there is a man looking through a store
enta	there is a man in a gray shirt .
enta	a man is wearing a gray shirt .
neut	there is a person dressed for a wedding .
neut	a man in a gray shirt is trying to find his latest on the beach
neut	a man is getting his lunch break in a store
neut	he waits for his friend .
cont	a man is looking at a car
cont	a man with no shirt is not working in his office .
cont	a woman is about to make a new shirt .
cont	a man is playing xbox with his wife .
enta	the man is wet
enta	a man works in the store .
neut	a boy is discussing something to do a friend .
neut	a man is yelling at an opening up the store .
cont	a man is showing off an elephant .
cont	a man is surrounded by sitting in the park .
cont	a man looking at the turkey on a living room store .
enta	a man is being pulled by a man .
enta	a man is preparing to wearing jeans .
a girl is throwing a football on the beach .
neut	a girl is playing in the middle of the ocean
cont	a girl is sleeping on the beach .
cont	girl eats
enta	a girl throws a football .
enta	the girl is throwing a football .
enta	a girl is throwing a football .
neut	the girl is preparing to play .
cont	a man is having a football game on the beach .
enta	a girl making a football outdoors .
enta	a girl is playing football outside .
neut	the girl is swinging out to her daughter .
neut	the girl is going swimming as it has worked on the beach .
cont	a girl is sitting on the beach looking at the other .
enta	the girl is seated and outside playing football .
enta	the girl is at the beach .
a family sits on a bench near a beach .
neut	the family is waiting for the bus to arrive
cont	the family is swimming in the ocean .
enta	people sitting on a bench .
enta	a family is sitting on a bench near the beach .
enta	a family is outside near the ocean .
enta	the family is sitting outside .
neut	a family is preparing for the summer ride .
cont	the two people are watching television .
cont	a boy plays on a playground .
cont	the family is sleeping in the shade .
cont	a dog and a cat are outdoors .
enta	people are near the water .
enta	two people next to a beach .
enta	a family was sitting on the bench .
neut	a toddler is out in the beach .
neut	the family is on a bench and preparing to build the sky .
neut	a family is taking inventory in the beach .
cont	the rich people in a field , locked in the pacific beach .
cont	a family is sitting inside of a forest .
cont	a naked family is walking past a sand track .
cont	a family is standing on a bench before any new cars .
enta	a group of people eat in front of a beach .
male volleyball players in red attempt to score on the other team , lighter red .
neut	two men are playing volleyball on the beach .
cont	the female volleyball player is playing baseball .
enta	the female is playing volleyball
enta	the volleyball players are playing volleyball .
enta	the volleyball players are playing volleyball .
neut	the man is about to score a goal in the game .
neut	the game is almost set
cont	a female volleyball players are fighting on the field
cont	the man is sitting on a chair .
enta	red team in red and red play a volleyball game
neut	two young teams played a soccer game on the team .
cont	the distance team is swimming almost alive .
cont	a man attempting for blue sports .
cont	the american basketball team is about to begin playing .
cont	an elderly woman is playing golf with a friend .
enta	a coach is standing and another on the yellow .
several people are wading in a river in a deep gorge .
neut	several people are fishing on a river .
cont	several people are playing with a dog in a river .
cont	people are sitting in a chair .
cont	people are sitting .
enta	people are near a river .
neut	the water water the people are pulled by a lake .
neut	some friends are at the water race
neut	there are people in the river watching the sunset .
cont	no one is at the river
cont	a child sits on the river to get a bath
enta	the people near the river .
neut	they are attempting to sell a new map .
neut	people snow mountain to make a hole .
neut	a child is being filmed by each other .
cont	the people are running down the hill .
cont	there are three people running in the forest .
enta	a group of people is using athletic each other .
these two people in hats are standing on rocky terrain , with their arms around each other .
neut	a couple of people are waiting for a bus .
cont	the people are sitting in the living room .
enta	people standing on snow
enta	two people standing on snow , and holding arms around each other .
neut	two people getting ready to go on the court .
neut	the two people are married .
cont	the children are running fast in the field .
cont	a couple of people are jumping on the ground
cont	two people are not standing in the distance .
enta	two people are wearing hats
neut	last people are against a better rain ,
cont	two people put into their grass .
cont	two friends are running past their heads .
cont	people are walking at the peak porch .
enta	two people take hands as they stands by each other .
a barefooted adolescent boy in a yellow shirt reaching the top of a small skateboarding ramp .
neut	the boy was playing with his friends .
cont	a boy is swimming in a pool .
cont	a man is doing a trick .
cont	a bike messenger performing on a small ramp .
cont	the boy is riding a bike .
enta	a boy is outside .
enta	a boy is skateboarding .
enta	a boy is outside .
neut	a little boy is getting dressed for a skateboard competition .
cont	a boy is eating his lunch
cont	a man rides a skateboard for the first time .
cont	a man is sitting on the skateboard
cont	a skateboarder taking his beer on the ground .
enta	a young child is biking with a large ramp .
enta	a boy is on a skateboard .
enta	an adult child is going up a ramp .
neut	a kid is ready to jump with a young boy .
neut	a clown poses at the best store .
cont	the child is running the path of a young boy .
cont	a boy is playing ball in his backyard
cont	a young boy is playing with a blue backpack .
enta	a young boy holds two dresser outside .
an asian woman preparing vegetables for the market .
neut	the fruit is warm .
cont	a woman is sleeping .
cont	the woman is cooking food .
enta	a woman prepares food for a market .
enta	a woman is making food for a market
enta	there is a woman preparing food in the market .
neut	a woman cooking for a new gathering .
cont	there is a person eating lunch .
cont	a boy is studying for his own .
cont	the women is relaxing in the park .
enta	a woman in army looks at a market .
enta	the woman is cooking .
neut	an women are grilling food for the 4th of market .
cont	the woman is flipping asleep on the market .
cont	the woman does n't like any food .
enta	a woman is being working by a customer .
enta	a woman is working on a product with produce .
two women are standing under an umbrella together , in front of a bandstand .
neut	they are at a concert .
cont	the women are sitting .
cont	the women are sitting in the grass .
enta	two women are standing under an umbrella
enta	women are standing under an umbrella .
enta	two women standing under an umbrella
neut	the women are buying new umbrella .
neut	the two women are scared enjoying the grass .
cont	a couple of women are eating cereal from a bowl .
cont	an empty hall is being held by a fire at the bar
cont	an old woman is sitting on the couch watching the sunset .
enta	two women stand in front of a building .
enta	they are outside .
neut	two women are talking at their tribe
neut	the women are trying to talk to a man .
cont	three women are jumping into an old head .
enta	a person in front of a umbrella .
enta	some women are standing with an umbrella
enta	women are standing in front of a city .
a young man plays a racing video game .
neut	the man is playing a game of racing his friends
neut	a young man is playing a game of racing his friends in a race
cont	the young man is playing the guitar in his car .
cont	the man is in the ocean .
enta	the young man is playing a game .
enta	a young man is playing a sport
enta	there is a young man playing a game .
enta	a man plays a game .
neut	a man watches his soccer team play a game .
neut	a young man is about to go for a sporting game .
cont	a woman is breaking up a serve .
cont	an older person is playing frisbee with a dog .
cont	the young man is iceskating .
cont	a young lady passes the race .
enta	a man is playing a game .
enta	a young man playing a game .
neut	up up see the young man to board the game of other white game .
neut	a man plays cards on a country video game .
cont	the young man is throwing their skiis up .
cont	a man handles a kite kick in his room .
enta	a young person is playing games .
an asian man stands behind a makeshift storefront with a handmade yellow poster advertising watch repair .
neut	a tall human looking at a man .
neut	the man is the movie artist in the library
neut	a man is shopping for a new store .
cont	the man is riding a bike .
cont	the man is swimming in the ocean
cont	a woman is looking at a window .
enta	a man is looking at a screen .
enta	someone is looking at a display .
enta	a man is looking at a display .
enta	a man is standing behind a store
neut	a man is entertaining a wedding
cont	a white man gives the empty speech .
cont	a white woman is standing up for her friends .
cont	a woman watches a man ride a bus .
cont	a man is standing behind the store watching television .
enta	the man is looking at the poster .
neut	the man is trying to catch hugs
neut	a man is going to ask his health pose .
neut	the man is waiting for his subway display .
cont	a man is drinking a beer on the grill .
cont	the factory is welding a ghost .
cont	a market is being destroyed on the temple .
cont	the small man is drawing a baseball game .
enta	an asian man stands with a book in the open shop .
a male bartender dressed in all black with his sleeves rolled up to elbow height making a drink in a martini glass .
neut	the man is a farmer .
neut	a man is having a drink after a long day .
cont	a woman is drinking a beer in a kitchen .
cont	a man is drinking a beer
enta	a man is having a drink in a bar .
enta	a male boy is drinking a drink
neut	a man is getting drunk for his lunch time .
neut	a man in black smoking a drink from a drink from the local restaurant .
cont	the man is drinking tea in a kitchen .
cont	an elderly a waiter is standing by himself .
enta	bob and hair light alcoholic makes a drink from a drink .
enta	a male waiter is conversing into a table
neut	the man is making a party for the beer .
cont	a man is resting at a hotel before work .
cont	a man is feeding a dog
cont	the man is at the dentist hostage .
cont	a few human told in bed
enta	a man with long hair stands something here to other .
a tent advertising surfer magazine for the 25th annual longboard classic on the beach surrounded by palm trees .
neut	the surfer is a professional surfer
neut	the surfer is a woman
neut	the surfer is a farmer
cont	the man is riding a bike
cont	the man is riding a bicycle in the park .
cont	a man walks through a park
cont	a man sits on a bench
enta	there is a man in a tent
neut	the women is having old friends .
cont	a rider walking down the street at a wedding .
cont	no water is black and red .
cont	a surfboarder takes a new bike on the beach
enta	there is a dog dancing
enta	a surfer is on the beach .
enta	a monkey rider is at the surfing competition .
neut	the customers are taking food while to see .
cont	the surfer is eating a snack of whiskey .
cont	the small child is getting ready to go to a death .
enta	a man is working under a tent with others .
a man in a red shirt is being serviced by a working old woman in a store .
neut	a tall human in a store .
neut	the man is a cop
cont	a man is sleeping on a couch .
cont	a man and a woman are at the beach
cont	the man is eating a sandwich in the store .
enta	the woman is working on a building .
neut	a guy with a red shirt and a woman is making a sale
cont	the construction workers are not alone .
cont	no one is using the internet .
enta	a man in a red shirt and the woman is watching the store .
enta	someone is out at the store .
neut	the man is teaching someone 's skills .
cont	the woman is being chased from a shop .
cont	there is a man filming a car as they walk by .
enta	a man and woman doing another bus is wearing a red shirt .
a woman at a campground .
neut	a woman at a long time .
neut	a woman is at a long time .
cont	the woman is in the middle of the ocean .
cont	the woman is sitting on a couch .
enta	a woman is by a nature .
neut	a woman and kids about to go on a boat .
neut	the woman is an friends home playing the game .
cont	the woman is indoors watching .
cont	she is indoors watching on a sunny day .
enta	a woman is near a forest .
enta	a woman is outside a tent
neut	a woman is getting a speach for her wife .
neut	a woman is looking at the ocean near her parent .
cont	a woman steals her small brother on his bedroom
enta	a woman is surrounded by check from the forest .
six men , all wearing identifying number plaques , are participating in an outdoor race .
neut	they are all men
neut	a group of men are in a race for a competition
cont	the men are playing a game of basketball .
cont	six women are playing a game of basketball .
cont	a group of men are sitting in a car in the park .
cont	six women are playing a game of basketball .
enta	six men are looking at a race .
enta	men are in a race
enta	six men are working in a race .
neut	six men are about to take a break in an outdoor race .
neut	there are 3 men in the olympics .
cont	all of the men are going fast .
cont	there are no people
cont	several people sitting in a volcano in a park
enta	seven men look at the sunset .
neut	three men are training a team ahead .
neut	the men are shopping for the us of event .
neut	a couple of men are wearing a green suit .
cont	4 people are partying in the superbowl event .
enta	men are being outside in an outdoor race .
enta	two men are having a leads shot .
people in orange robes line up behind a man wearing sunglasses .
neut	people are wearing light orange robes .
neut	people are waiting for a bus .
cont	the people are at the beach eating lunch .
cont	the man is wearing a blue shirt .
enta	people are wearing orange clothing .
enta	a man wearing sunglasses is wearing sunglasses
enta	a man wearing sunglasses
enta	there are people in orange clothing
neut	a man and women are talking in front of a man .
cont	one man on a dark bus .
cont	people wearing red shirts are walking past a man .
cont	people are walking through a field .
cont	people wearing orange shirts are sleeping outside .
enta	there are people near a man .
enta	two people with looks clothes are working .
neut	someone is smiling for a guy wearing glasses .
cont	the people are sweeping the hillside .
enta	a crowd of people keeping on their hair .
enta	a man with sunglasses on his cheeks , wearing sunglasses .
enta	the people are working in front of a man .
a lady reading a story book .
neut	a lady is reading a book in the library .
cont	the lady is sleeping in her bed .
cont	a lady is sleeping in a chair .
enta	a lady reads a book to a book .
enta	a lady is reading a book .
enta	a woman is reading a book .
enta	a woman is reading .
neut	a child reading a book on a bench in the park .
cont	the woman in the picture is eating .
cont	there is a woman with a hula hoop on a book .
enta	a woman looks for a book .
enta	the lady is reading .
enta	a lady in a colorful sweatshirt looks on .
enta	an lady with a book reading .
neut	a woman with a color hat is reading a book .
cont	a woman is dressed as the hells of oranges .
cont	a person is reading a box at the concert .
enta	a woman is reading a book .
enta	the lady is reading to some book .
an elderly woman wearing a flower printed apron with a pink colored shirt is cooking inside her kitchen .
neut	the woman is cooking for her family .
neut	a woman is wearing a jewelry dress and is cooking dinner .
cont	a young woman wearing a dress is cooking .
cont	the elderly woman is wearing a dress .
enta	the woman is cooking .
enta	a woman is cooking in a kitchen .
enta	a woman is cooking
neut	a woman is cooking for her family 's dinner .
cont	the woman is wearing a black shirt
cont	the woman is standing by a fire .
enta	a woman prepares to eat
neut	the elderly woman has a flower bear .
neut	a woman is preparing to get away in a kitchen .
cont	a woman is calling a mess novel alone .
cont	the woman is working at her table being punished .
cont	a elderly lady is sitting on a table with her kitchen .
cont	a woman is using a kitchen gun from her dog .
enta	the woman is cutting something on a kitchen .
attractive military man with weapons and ammunition sitting on top of a netted armed vehicle .
neut	a man is trying to get to the car in the city .
neut	the man is trying to get a better box .
cont	the man is not holding anything .
enta	the man with a briefcase is sitting .
enta	a man with a briefcase
neut	a man is about to get his job
neut	a military man is giving out for the first time .
cont	the man is laying on the ground .
cont	an officer is playing fetch with the purple car .
enta	the man is near the vehicle .
neut	a man is protesting the police tool .
neut	the man is made out of diesel and truck .
cont	a shark is standing with his items on fire .
cont	a mime alone hit by a car .
cont	a patron man is taking knocked with her chest .
enta	the truck is along with other men .
the shadow silhouette of a woman standing near the water looking at a large attraction on the other side .
neut	a woman is looking at the sunset on her way to the park .
neut	a woman is standing near the water to her her pet .
neut	the woman is looking at the sunset in the water .
cont	a woman is looking at the sky with her arms .
cont	the woman is standing on a bench .
enta	a woman is standing near a large small large object .
enta	a woman standing .
enta	a woman is standing near the water .
neut	a large building is being constructed by the woman 's house
neut	the blond woman is enjoying a day
cont	woman chases her dog
cont	a woman is standing on a couch .
enta	a woman is standing
enta	a female is looking at something in the water .
neut	a shirtless woman stands near the lake of lake .
neut	the woman has a conference and is going for an ambulance .
cont	the woman is sitting flying a kite .
cont	a woman has a mom left her lap .
enta	a person on an bottom has masks among food .
young children and parents splashing around a public fountain .
neut	the children are playing in the fountain
neut	children and their mother are playing in a fountain at the park .
neut	people are in a fountain at the park .
cont	the children are playing in the sand .
cont	a man and his father and son are playing in a fountain .
cont	the children are playing in the park .
enta	children are in a fountain .
enta	children and people are playing in a fountain .
enta	the children and the parents are outside
enta	the children are in the fountain .
neut	some young children are staring at a sunset .
cont	young people sit in the dark .
cont	there are no children in the library .
cont	one cat is eating lunch .
enta	the children and children are enjoying the fountain .
enta	children with mom on a public fountain with adults .
enta	some children in a building are working .
enta	some kids are looking through a fountain in a city .
neut	a young children jumps into the fountain enjoying a celebration .
neut	people are being watched in line for the concert .
cont	kids are inside playing with good drinks .
cont	three children are assemble up a fire .
cont	the children are running their favorite out .
cont	three children are eating in a fountain .
enta	there are children and at the museum .
enta	two pairs are around a fountain holding water .
a woman runs by in the foreground as other competitors stand on the sideline .
neut	a woman is running from a man .
neut	a woman runs by the other racing on the field
neut	the woman is a professional .
cont	the woman is sitting on the ground
cont	a woman is sitting in a chair
enta	a woman is running .
enta	a woman runs by the other stand .
neut	the women is running at the park .
neut	a woman is helping her friends play in the park .
cont	woman running across the park
cont	a woman and child are sleeping in bed .
cont	the woman drinks all of the park .
enta	the woman has a ball
enta	woman is running .
neut	a woman is running a turn to be released .
neut	the woman is warming over the side of a stadium .
cont	a man running is playing cricket with others .
cont	a woman is speeding a unicycle in the summer .
cont	a woman drives down the door walk in the wilderness .
enta	the woman in the winter weather is wearing safety gear .
two people are sitting in a station .
neut	the two people are waiting for the station to go .
cont	the people are in a car .
cont	the people are standing
enta	the two people are sitting
enta	there are people sitting
enta	a group of people sitting .
neut	the people are having their dinner .
neut	two people are laughing about to get a bath
cont	two people are swimming .
cont	some people are sleeping on a bench in a park .
cont	there are people sitting in the park eating chips .
cont	the people are jumping into a field .
enta	the people were sitting in the station .
neut	a couple of people are sitting outside of a rail they will get in .
cont	a group of people are sitting on a paint picnic ride .
cont	the child is having a picnic by the fire .
cont	the people are standing side on the bus .
enta	two people are sitting by a station .
a big tan dog drinks water from an outdoor water spout .
neut	a big dog drinking from a water park
cont	a dog is sleeping on the couch .
cont	the cat has a stick .
enta	the dog has a mouth in his mouth .
enta	a dog is outside .
enta	there is a dog drinking water .
neut	the dog is wanting to get the ball .
cont	a child is eating food at a water puddle
cont	the brown dog splashing in the water .
enta	a big dog is playing water wet .
enta	a big dog makes water water from a water water
neut	a couple lands on a food field .
neut	a dog pig in the water waiting for his owner .
cont	the cat is actually from his dog .
cont	a group is feeding coffee in a tree .
enta	a dog with water in public .
enta	a dog caught water after the water .
enta	a dog is serving something from a water .
a child rests on her mother lap exhausted from a day of sun and fun at the beach .
neut	the child is playing with her mother .
cont	the child is playing in the sand .
cont	the child is playing with a dog in the park .
cont	two children play in the mud
enta	a child is at the beach .
enta	two people are outside .
enta	a child is at the beach .
enta	a child is at the beach .
neut	a tall human sits
neut	a boy is watching the woman jumping on her child .
neut	the beach is freezing for the first time .
cont	a father carries his son on the beach .
cont	a man and a woman are dancing in the sand
cont	mother and son are at the park .
enta	an adult and a woman are outdoors .
enta	a child laughing on the beach
enta	a child is happy
neut	two friends are listening to each other look at the beach .
cont	a kid is mowing his wife 's head .
cont	a child is playing baseball at a fair .
enta	a child is looking at the other air .
three people on bicycles , pedaling down the side of a road , with a jeep following them .
neut	three tourists are doing a handstand on a road .
neut	three tourists on their bikes are doing a stunt .
cont	the people are sitting in the grass .
enta	the people are on bikes .
enta	three people on bikes
neut	the people have green bikes on a road .
neut	the people are working to drive the atv .
neut	three people are getting ready for a bicycle .
cont	the bikes are being eaten .
cont	the boy is sitting on the road for the first time .
enta	three people are on their bikes
enta	three people are wearing bikes and two bikes .
enta	three people on bikes are on bikes .
neut	they are on a bright day , and he is crossing the street .
neut	the people are all talking to each other .
cont	the time of bikers are in a field holding .
enta	a bunch of people are jumping around while a vehicle .
a couple sitting in white lawn chairs are smiling at the camera .
neut	a couple is sitting in a chair at a park
neut	the couple are having a picnic .
cont	the couple is in a car
cont	a couple is standing in a field .
cont	the couple are at the beach
enta	a couple sitting .
enta	a couple is sitting in a lawn chairs up
enta	a couple sitting in chairs .
neut	the couple are wearing green aprons .
neut	a couple is talking about politics and smiling at a camera .
cont	a couple is laying in the grass .
enta	there are people smiling .
enta	a couple watches as happy man .
enta	a couple is sitting down in front of a camera .
neut	a small couple are sitting at a party
cont	a couple are sitting by a lake watching .
cont	the people is happy and black horses .
enta	a couple is being looking at the camera .
enta	a couple hold at the camera covered .
enta	the city couple is sitting on a lawn chair .
a black man , wearing a cap , is sitting in a bus .
neut	the man is waiting for his bus
neut	the man is sitting in a bus stop .
cont	the man is sitting in a chair in a bus .
cont	the man is sitting on a bench .
enta	a man is sitting .
enta	a man is on a bus .
enta	a man is sitting outside .
enta	there is a man sitting outside .
neut	a man is waiting for the bus to get to him .
neut	a man is sitting in a bus stop
neut	the man is waiting for a bus .
neut	the man tries to hit the bus in the bus .
cont	a woman dressed in a hat is taking a bath .
enta	a man is next to a bus .
enta	a black man sits in the bus .
enta	a black male is wearing a hat .
neut	a man is sitting in a bus and waiting to go .
neut	man works in a bus door
cont	a man was floating in a car full of crayons .
cont	a bus ran down to sidewalk in front of a theatre .
cont	a man in a striped cap sleeps in his car .
enta	a man is sitting on a bus .
an older man wearing a winter coat and jeans stands in front of a large , wheeled flower cart .
neut	a man is waiting for his wife .
neut	a man stands in front of a large building
cont	the man is at the beach
enta	the man is wearing a winter coat
enta	the man is outside
enta	an older man stands near a cart .
enta	a man is standing in front of a large cart .
neut	a man is watching the young man in a winter bag .
cont	a woman wears a white coat .
cont	the man is flying through the air .
cont	an older man is throwing a baby in the snow
enta	a man is posing near a cart
enta	old man is near a cart .
enta	there is a man standing near some flowers .
neut	an older man is trying to begin some people by the house .
neut	an olympic pit is closed by the brand cart .
cont	the elderly man is wearing his crush suit .
cont	the masters cart in the horse crowd .
cont	the women is bored while wearing nothing but hat .
cont	the old man is leaning into a trash car .
enta	two people in the sun are surrounded by a wheelbarrow .
two kids on a boat , one with a paddle , and the other on the edge wearing a life vest .
neut	two children on a boat are about to go down the river .
cont	the kids are swimming .
cont	the two kids are sitting on a couch .
enta	two kids on a boat are on a boat
enta	the two kids are on a boat
enta	the people are on a boat
neut	the kids are performing at the top of the boat .
cont	a couple of boys sitting in the shade
enta	two children are riding a boat .
enta	the children own a boat .
neut	a 2 young children cook sports at the boat .
neut	the kids are doing ready for the prize of injured .
cont	the children are carrying the rope in the city .
cont	the adults are on a boat sled .
cont	the chips are sitting on the beach playing with an orange plaid .
enta	two children are going to a boat
enta	two kids are enjoying a boat on a boat .
two men climb onto tires while sitting in the muddy water .
neut	the water is hot .
neut	the men are friends .
neut	they are on a boat .
neut	the men are climbing the cliff to get to the water .
cont	the men are climbing a tree in the desert .
cont	two men are swimming in a pool .
cont	two men sit on a couch .
cont	the men are climbing a tree
enta	two men climb
neut	it 's raining by two men sitting on the ground .
cont	two girls run in the grass .
cont	the two men were pushing their car .
cont	some people run into a puddle .
enta	the men are looking outside .
enta	a few men are taking a break outside .
neut	two men are getting dirty
neut	two men are stranded on a very nice day .
neut	the men are uncomfortable and waiting in the forest .
neut	the men looked all had blocks in their yard .
cont	no one on a bike can buy some equipment .
cont	the three men are pushing fast in the snow .
enta	there are three men following a barrel .
a guy with long hair , a ball cap , and a blue shirt is smiling as he walks along the boardwalk
neut	the man is going to get a ball in the park to go to the
cont	the guy is walking on a trail .
cont	the man is not wearing a hat .
enta	a man walks .
enta	a guy is walking on the boardwalk .
enta	a guy walks along the boardwalk .
enta	a guy walks
neut	the man , man , is the baseball player is happy .
neut	a man is having his painful on his date .
cont	a guy is eating a sandwich on the beach .
cont	two women are walking towards the ocean .
enta	there is a guy smiling and walking on the boardwalk .
neut	a man is taking a second out of the ocean .
cont	a man is jumping into the zoo and his wife .
cont	the man is reading a book in the living room .
enta	the guy is walking along the boardwalk
enta	a guy is giving his shirt shaved .
enta	a guy tries to walk on the boardwalk .
three workers are trimming down trees .
neut	three men are cutting down trees .
neut	the workers are all wearing hats .
cont	workers are working on a house .
enta	three workers are cutting trees .
enta	the workers are outside .
enta	the workers are working .
enta	three workers are cutting down trees .
neut	the workers is wearing a green shirt .
neut	three workers are working for a job .
cont	workers are driving to the store .
enta	people are digging
enta	the workers are working .
enta	the three workers are standing working trees .
neut	those are in their camp lobby .
cont	a worker in his hut empty buildings .
cont	the three backpackers are working on a sandy beach .
cont	two workers are fishing towards a lake .
enta	people are taking a tree with trees .
a little boy bowls in a carpeted hallway .
neut	the boy likes the cook
neut	a boy is playing with a toy in a puddle .
neut	the boy likes to cook
neut	the boy is playing with his friends at the park with his friends .
cont	a boy is playing in the sand .
cont	the boy is playing basketball .
cont	the boy is playing basketball .
enta	a boy is sitting in a window .
enta	a boy is sitting
neut	a little boy without a night away from a friend .
neut	the boy wants to serve the other league of candy .
neut	a little boy is making flowers after playing .
cont	a boy is playing basketball .
cont	a little boy who is wearing a tuxedo is eating lunch with his family .
cont	a little girl with a boy is playing with a ball on a slide .
enta	the little boy has a piece of water .
enta	a child is playing with .
neut	a kid plays at his day room .
neut	a boy is trying to win the four years old .
neut	the boy is in a park with his friends .
cont	the little boy has a kite .
cont	a girl is setting up a small sandwich .
cont	the little boy is sitting in the middle of the badminton .
cont	a young boy is going to be a trapeze .
enta	a young boy is being watched by two babies .
enta	a young boy is near a bathroom table .
several men working to repair a mcdonald 's sign .
neut	the men are building a house .
neut	the men work to make a new sign
neut	a group of men are working to make a sign for a friend 's sign
cont	several men work on a tree
cont	nobody has a sign
cont	people are sitting in a car
enta	several men work to work on a sign .
enta	a group of men are working .
enta	several men are working to work
neut	a man is fixing a sign to be picked up for the first time .
neut	workers are making a raise for the party .
cont	some women are washing a sign from the sign .
enta	there is a man .
enta	men in working are working .
neut	there are several people working out to school for the poster .
cont	the men are working on a christmas cross .
enta	there were three people working for the sign .
enta	people are working on a sign .
people standing in line of a beer and curry line .
neut	people at a beer shop are drinking beer .
neut	the line of people are talking .
neut	people at a carnival .
cont	the people are sitting in the grass .
cont	the people are at the beach
cont	people sitting .
enta	a group of people are standing in line of a beer .
enta	people standing in line of a beer .
enta	people standing in line .
enta	there are people standing outside .
neut	a group of kids are trying to find the beer in the bar .
cont	no one is sitting on the sidewalk
cont	the people were playing soccer
enta	some people are on a beer line .
enta	there are people in line .
enta	a lot of people are on a beer line .
neut	people are taking a glowstick dinner
neut	a small group of people are standing in line waiting for a performance .
neut	people are lighting at a nice body day .
cont	the people are all eating corn and can drinking .
cont	people are sitting and waiting for the bus .
cont	a group of people are sitting on the ground .
cont	five people stand at a liquor store .
enta	people are surrounded and other only other other .
enta	people are planning a beer .
two women with long hair are walking on a sidewalk under an overpass .
neut	two women are walking to the store
neut	two women walk on the sidewalk to get to the store .
cont	the women are sitting on the couch .
enta	the women are walking .
enta	two women are walking on a sidewalk
enta	two women are walking
enta	two women walk down a sidewalk .
neut	the women are a man walks on the sidewalk .
neut	two women are having fun
neut	two young women are going to the store .
cont	the women are sitting
cont	the girls are running away .
cont	the men with blonde hair have hair to the store .
enta	two women are both females .
enta	the women are walking .
enta	on a woman walks the street near an elevator .
neut	two shirtless women are walking along a road for their lunch .
cont	nobody are being served line by a crosswalk .
cont	the two women are running to the curb .
enta	some women are near the ramps watching .
enta	two women are walking on a sidewalk next to a road .
enta	a group of women carrying their hair and walking on the sidewalk .
a woman walks by a brick building that 's covered with graffiti .
neut	the brick building is a wall .
neut	the woman walks by a graffiti building in the city .
neut	a woman walks by a brick building for a new york city .
neut	a woman walks by a wall in a city
cont	a man on a bench .
cont	a woman is sitting in a chair
cont	a woman is sitting in a chair
enta	a woman is walking outside .
enta	a woman walks by a brick building .
enta	a woman walks by a building .
enta	the woman walks by a brick building
neut	a woman is just taking a walk at the park .
neut	a woman is walking to the beach .
cont	a man is standing in a church
cont	the man is walking around .
cont	the woman is sitting outside .
enta	there is a female walking by graffiti .
enta	a woman on a building .
enta	the woman is walking by a building .
neut	an old woman tells plans to complete in a structure with graffiti .
neut	a woman walking to graffiti the sidewalk
neut	a woman walking to work in a house .
cont	a woman is doing her science flight in the mountains .
cont	the boy is in the chair with a text .
enta	a person in the early of a building .
five people are sitting on horses at a rodeo .
neut	the people are all friends .
neut	the horses are galloping .
cont	some people are sitting on a couch .
cont	some people are sitting on a couch watching tv .
cont	there are people sitting on a couch watching tv .
enta	people are at a rodeo .
enta	there is a rodeo in the rodeo .
enta	people are in this picture .
enta	people are sitting on horses .
neut	the horses are taking a . .
neut	the people are enjoying a rodeo .
neut	the group of children are at a birthday party
neut	some men on horses are on the field
cont	four friends swimming on a lake
cont	racers are racing to the start of the ocean .
enta	people in a rodeo
enta	the group of people are sitting on a rodeo .
neut	the hikers are competing for a photo trail .
cont	a group of people are sitting on the ground , walking .
cont	six people are running away to each other .
cont	the friends are standing inside , looking at the bull .
enta	two people are sitting on horses .
a small girl learning to fold some clothes .
neut	a girl is learning to do n't want to eat .
cont	a girl is sleeping on the floor .
cont	a girl is sleeping .
cont	a small girl is playing with her friends .
enta	a girl is outdoors .
enta	a girl is using clothes .
neut	a girl with long hair is working on a project .
cont	a small girl at home with her friends .
cont	a little girl is making a sandwich .
enta	a girl is fixing her clothes .
neut	the girl is working at a public exhibit .
cont	a little girl is eating some books in the room .
cont	a girl is jumping from a man
enta	a girl jumps over something
a woman observes a rusted antique car .
neut	a woman is getting ready to go to the store
neut	a woman is getting ready to go to work
cont	a woman is riding a bike
cont	the woman is riding a bike
enta	a woman is riding a vehicle .
enta	a woman is looking at a car
enta	a woman is looking at a car .
neut	the drag is a construction worker .
neut	the woman is going in a race .
cont	a woman is reading a book at the mall .
cont	a man is out of his car
cont	a woman and her child are eating dinner at a restaurant .
cont	a woman is brushing off the car .
enta	she is looking at something .
enta	a woman is putting something
enta	a woman stares at a shoe
neut	a woman is using a bucket trying to be done .
neut	a woman still in front of a fence with her favorite .
neut	the woman is balancing a backpack in front of the driver .
neut	a woman is carrying a large model driver .
cont	a woman is working on the airplane cars .
cont	a woman in the wrapping chair standing on her shop .
cont	a man attacks his boss to sell a store .
enta	a woman is pondering her car .
a man wearing a pink shirt and wearing glasses crouching down in front of a basket of clothing at the laundromat .
neut	the man is a farmer
cont	the man is at the beach .
cont	a man on a bike .
enta	a man has sunglasses .
enta	a man is looking at the basket of clothing
enta	a man looking at a basket
neut	the man is trying to sell his clothes .
cont	a man is wearing shorts and a blue shirt .
enta	a man is wet and looking at the store .
neut	a man is taking a good cut and laundry .
cont	the man is dressed in a green shirt .
enta	a man is at a bar .
guy hitting a baseball in a field of grass outside .
neut	the man is wearing a blue shirt .
neut	a guy is playing baseball with his friends .
neut	guy practicing for a baseball game
cont	the guy is playing basketball .
cont	the man is sitting down .
enta	a man is playing baseball .
enta	the guy is playing baseball outside .
enta	a man is playing baseball .
enta	the guy is playing baseball .
neut	a guy is trying to make a score as the game .
neut	someone is preparing to hit his baseball .
neut	while the yankees has the number of the men won the game .
cont	two women sit in the field
cont	the guy is running away from a ball .
cont	girl sleeping
enta	a guy is playing outside
enta	a guy in an grassy field
neut	a person in a tree dislikes his brother .
neut	the man is training in a group .
cont	nobody is playing a game of hour .
cont	a man is running up some of a path .
enta	a man is receiving a baseball .
enta	a man comes at his baseball in the field .
a woman dressed as snow white walks with other girls in costume down a street .
neut	the woman is a cowboy
neut	the woman is a cowboy for halloween
cont	the woman is wearing a dress .
cont	woman dressed in a pink costume down the street .
enta	the woman is wearing a costume .
enta	a woman is wearing a costume
enta	a woman is wearing a costume .
neut	some girls have a snow day to the store .
neut	the girls were taking a break .
cont	the man is going down a road .
cont	two girls are playing catch with each other .
cont	a man wearing black is at the wedding .
enta	two people are being photographed by a woman .
neut	two little girls attempt how to a view of the snow .
neut	two girls are going across a busy street .
cont	a woman is running alone with their friends .
cont	a woman is shooting a boy to play .
cont	the woman in the mirror is empty with her hands .
enta	there are two girls wearing hiking colours .
female sitting in a chair in front of a hazy field .
neut	a woman is waiting for her husband to arrive
cont	a man is standing in front of a field
enta	the woman sits in front of a field .
enta	a woman is sitting in a chair .
enta	a woman is sitting .
neut	a female in a chair sitting on a field with his friends
cont	a woman stands in a chair with her friends .
enta	there is a girl near the field .
neut	a woman in a chair smoking on a chair
cont	a woman is waving off a cliff .
enta	a woman dressed in chair with a chair .
a surfer is surfing catches a wave .
neut	the surfer is a woman .
neut	the surfer is a professional surfer .
cont	a man is riding a bicycle .
cont	a man is riding a bicycle
cont	a surfer is sitting on the ground .
enta	the surfer is outdoors .
enta	a person is surfing in the water .
enta	the surfer is in the water .
enta	a person is surfing in the water .
neut	a surfer is fighting by the ocean .
neut	a young surfer skating in the water
cont	a man is swimming with his friends .
cont	the surfer is sitting in a tree .
cont	a surfer is running through the park
enta	two people in water
enta	the surfer jumps a wave .
enta	the surfer is surfing .
enta	a person is surfing with a surfboard .
neut	a sea is being lowered off a blue wave .
cont	a dog is swimming in the ocean .
cont	a man is going to go a soccer .
cont	a snowboarder puts of blue waves to the wave .
enta	a surfer is riding a wave .
a black dog runs with a deflated ball and a tiny tire .
neut	a dog is running to catch a ball .
neut	a dog runs with a toy to its owner .
neut	a dog is playing fetch .
cont	a cat is running .
cont	a dog is sleeping in his bed
cont	a dog sleeping on a bed .
enta	a dog is outside .
enta	a dog runs with a tire .
enta	a dog runs with a tire .
enta	the dog runs with a toy
neut	a dog is catching a stick in the air
neut	there is a dog grabbing his bone .
neut	dog running to catch a frisbee
cont	the dog eating a steak .
enta	the dog ran his the tire .
enta	a black dog is running through a tire .
neut	a dog is running around the end of a wooden barrel .
neut	a man is playing with a bucket of yarn .
cont	a baby is drinking tea in a crate .
cont	a dog is running over a small kitten .
enta	a dog runs around with a stick .
a young boy wearing a military sunhat catches a frisbee outdoors .
neut	a boy plays frisbee in a park .
neut	a boy is playing frisbee in the park .
cont	a boy is playing basketball .
cont	a boy is swimming in a pool .
enta	a person is outside
enta	a boy catches a frisbee
enta	a young boy is outside
enta	boy playing frisbee
neut	the little boy wore a butterfly and a butterfly trying to win the championship .
neut	the boy is cold .
neut	a young boy is playing frisbee golf .
cont	the boy is naked
cont	a boy is playing video games .
cont	a young girl is dressed as a crow
cont	a young boy sits in the grass .
enta	the child is wearing a costume .
enta	someone in the picture .
enta	the boy is playing with his frisbee .
neut	the young boy is wearing a jacket and pointing on the frisbee .
cont	the boy is falling up at the water .
cont	a kid in a float was playing soccer .
cont	a girl is riding a red heart frisbee .
enta	a young boy shows off a frisbee .
enta	a young boy is getting tackled playing frisbee
a boy in overalls blows bubbles .
neut	boy pulling bubbles on his friend 's house .
cont	a boy in a dress is playing with bubbles
cont	a boy in a dress is playing with bubbles .
cont	a boy is playing with a dog .
enta	the boy is blowing bubbles .
enta	a boy makes a drink
enta	the boy is playing with bubbles .
enta	a boy is blowing bubbles .
neut	he makes a new project .
neut	a boy makes bubbles as his friend is making something .
neut	the boy 's shirt is blown on the ground .
neut	a boy is making his way to the death .
cont	a boy in his blue baseball uniform plays with toys .
cont	the boy is naked in a river .
enta	a boy blowing bubbles .
enta	a child is having on water
enta	a boy wearing overalls plays with bubbles .
neut	a child is shaking up for a fountain .
neut	a boy is boxing with their to play on a hot summer day .
neut	a boy is practicing for a competition .
cont	a dog is sitting in the porch with no friends .
cont	a boy is carving bubble frozen towards the ground .
enta	a small boy is blowing bubbles .
enta	the boy is blowing bubbles
a couple is a standing together the woman is adjusting a flower on the man 's lapel and they are dressed in wedding apparel .
neut	a couple is getting married to a concert .
neut	two women are getting married
cont	the couple are sitting .
cont	the couple are sitting in the bar and eating lunch
cont	the couple are sitting in the grass .
enta	the people are dressed in clothing .
enta	the woman is wearing a dress .
enta	there are people at a wedding .
enta	people are looking at a flower .
neut	mother and wife having a conversation
cont	two people are painting a picture .
cont	a man and woman are sitting on a couch
enta	the couple is an a woman .
enta	they are at a wedding .
neut	a woman is thinking about some corn she 's scarf .
neut	the man is moving a crop full course .
cont	a woman sits in a empty place with her shorts .
cont	the people are dressed as in chicken watching .
cont	a man is holding a flower on the bridge .
cont	the man and the woman are working in the living room .
enta	a woman with a goatee and dress is working on a traditional dress .
male nun smoking a cigarette .
neut	father drinking a cigarette to his son
neut	a nun is wearing a helmet .
neut	a nun is smoking a cigarette in his car .
cont	the women are drinking .
cont	two boys are playing basketball .
cont	a nun is sleeping .
enta	a man smoking a cigarette .
enta	the nun has a cigarette .
enta	the nun is smoking .
neut	the middle-aged man is about to present .
neut	the man is a waiter
cont	the boy is holding a dog at the park .
enta	an old woman holding a cigarette
enta	the man is holding a cigarette
enta	a black haired person is standing
neut	a man going to sit and wearing a tiara .
neut	a man is at a bar during the first time .
cont	the man is on a date for the moon .
cont	a injured player is sitting on a beach bench .
enta	a man is being thrown a cigarette .
a woman is tugging on a white sheet and laughing
neut	a woman is laughing at a joke .
neut	the woman is trying to get to the store .
neut	a woman laughing at a joke .
neut	a woman is in a white box and laughing is laughing .
cont	a woman crying in a bedroom .
cont	a woman is crying in her bed
cont	a man is dancing on the ground .
enta	a woman is having a good time .
enta	a woman is laughing
enta	a woman is laughing .
neut	a woman plays the air with a white hula hoop
neut	a couple of and have have drinks in the white sheet of white plastic hula
neut	a woman is laughing and having a party .
cont	a woman is shouting to a woman 's white white .
cont	a boy is sticking his head to a white cardboard .
enta	a woman laughing at the white sheet .
enta	a women is happy on a white sheet .
neut	a woman is trying to flirt while her mother is looking .
cont	a woman is falling out of a stick .
cont	woman sits with his mother in her hands .
cont	a man helps on a small book .
enta	a woman is passed by some clothes .
enta	a woman is speaking .
a man is taking a scenic photo of mountains while framing the foreground with low-growth , colorful brush .
neut	the man is a model
neut	a man is taking a photo of a mountain in a competition .
cont	the man is in the ocean .
cont	a man is sleeping .
cont	a woman is taking a photo of a mountain
enta	the man has a camera .
enta	a man is looking at a photo .
enta	there is a man working on a project .
neut	a man is holding a scenic new pictures .
neut	a man is climbing a large mountain for a wedding .
cont	the man is driving a tour .
cont	a woman and a man are watching tv .
cont	a woman wearing a blue shirt is taking a picture of the mountains in the
enta	a man with a camera is painting a mountain .
enta	a man dances with a photo of mountains .
neut	a man is about to give a bush while standing .
neut	a man is trying to put a castle .
cont	a salesman is making a fort on the ocean .
enta	a person has a painted painted map .
enta	a man is with an object of mud .
a graying man with glasses is standing in back of a barber 's chair in a seemingly empty barber shop .
neut	a young man sells his hat to a man 's shop .
neut	the man is a farmer
cont	the barber is not wearing anything .
cont	a woman with glasses is standing in a barber shop .
enta	the man with glasses is standing in front of a barber shop .
enta	a man with glasses is standing in a barber shop .
enta	a man is wearing glasses and standing in a barber shop .
neut	the man is going in the work .
neut	a sad man with glasses is smoking a cigarette inside his office .
cont	a female lady wearing glasses and is standing .
cont	the man is at home sleeping
cont	a man is naked
enta	the man is looking at a barber 's work
enta	a male is looking at his chair in a hand .
neut	the man chews a , can coming after it during a bar .
neut	the man is working for a fashion shop .
cont	a man with his beard is sitting on a bench in the city .
cont	a man in a conference hands is sitting on a swingset .
enta	a army man is leaning by a table and does a picture .
enta	a child is standing up while in a swing .
3 women and 2 men waiting by a wall in the park talking
neut	the people are all wearing hats .
cont	three women are sitting on a bench .
cont	three women and two men are sitting on a bench .
cont	three women are sitting on a bench .
enta	the people are talking
enta	there are people at a park .
enta	people are talking
neut	women are looking for an oncoming to go down the street .
cont	a single man sits on the bench in the park
cont	the people are watching a movie .
cont	there are women in a field .
enta	six people are talking .
enta	six people have been talking .
neut	two men are standing outside the wall of their son .
neut	three men are chatting , laughing from the wall on their day .
cont	two women and women watching a football game .
cont	the women are on their bench while making groceries .
cont	four women are waiting for a bus .
enta	some women are over a wall .
two elder women have a conversation outdoors in front of a house .
neut	two older women are talking about their day at a conference
cont	two women are swimming in the ocean .
cont	the women are at the beach
cont	two women are talking in a library
enta	a group of young women are talking in front of a house .
enta	two older women are talking in front of a house
enta	two females are outdoors .
enta	the women are in front of a house .
neut	two female friends take a break in front of a house
neut	two friends are enjoying a day in the morning .
cont	two women are sleeping
cont	the woman is talking on her phone .
cont	two men are walking .
enta	the women are near each other .
enta	the women stand between the building and the house is wearing in the house .
enta	two woman wait .
neut	a asian woman gives whether about the christmas house .
neut	three women are posing for a picture in front of a house .
cont	two women are driving a red dress in front of a house .
cont	two boys are making a dinner at the beach .
cont	the women are crawling over a dinosaur .
cont	the girls are wearing a cowboy skirt .
enta	the women are consuming in front of a house .
enta	two people are talking in front of a house .
four men are standing outside near a white truck bed .
neut	the men are waiting for the truck .
neut	the men are all friends .
neut	the men are waiting for the trucks to arrive .
cont	the men are standing next to a black truck bed .
enta	four men stand near a white truck bed .
enta	there are men standing outside near a truck bed .
enta	four men standing near a white truck bed .
enta	the men are standing outside .
neut	4 men stand near a truck down a city bed
neut	four friends are leaning against a truck
neut	the men are repairing the truck .
cont	four people playing in a park .
cont	six men are standing by a blue truck .
cont	the four men are making donuts at the bar .
cont	four men are watching tv .
enta	4 men stand near a truck
enta	people in clothes
enta	six men are standing outside of a truck .
neut	a professional donkey is infront a small broken of truck .
neut	these men stand and , trying to win their yard .
neut	two people are having a day buy .
neut	a few men are getting ready to give a tire up .
cont	the six men are having a picnic in front of his yacht .
cont	the four men are walking bowling
cont	the warm men are in front of a house and flies .
enta	three men are standing near a white truck ,
enta	there were three men standing outside by a fire .
two people , one in light jeans and a striped shirt , are playing pool .
neut	two friends play pool at the pool
neut	two friends play pool at the pool
neut	the people are friends
neut	two people are playing pool at the pool .
cont	two people are playing tennis in a gym
cont	the people are sitting on the couch .
cont	a man and a woman are playing tennis .
enta	two people are playing pool .
enta	people play pool
enta	the people are playing .
neut	these two people are about to play pool .
neut	these two people are about to win the game .
cont	the women stand and the other people watch them play a game .
cont	two women walk
enta	the group of people are playing pool with are .
neut	two people are relaxing and upset to pool .
cont	the workers are in the bank with a burger
cont	two people walk on the street at a can men .
cont	a person and dog are playing in place .
enta	a bunch of people and stripes are playing pool .
enta	two people are playing an game of pool .
a child turning a crank with benches behind him .
neut	the child is playing with a friend .
neut	the rope is red .
neut	a child is playing with a collar in the park
cont	a child is playing with a ball in the park .
cont	a child is sleeping in a bed .
cont	a child plays with a ball in the park .
enta	a child is playing with a hose .
enta	a child is playing with a drum .
enta	a child is playing with a hose .
neut	a child is learning how to skateboard .
neut	the child is a farmer .
neut	a child is playing with their friends
cont	a man is taking a nap with a microphone .
cont	the child is painting a picture .
enta	a kid has just used his hands
enta	a child is having an age of outdoors .
enta	a child is outside
neut	a child is about to be funny and standing .
neut	a child goes to the top of an open field .
cont	a little child is falling off a small couch .
enta	the kid is reaching a man .
a racing motorcycle rider has fallen off his bike and is sliding on the ground while another rider is driving behind .
neut	the motorcycle is a professional .
neut	the motorcycle rider is going to win .
cont	a motorcycle rider is in the middle of the ocean .
enta	the man is outside
enta	a motorcycle rider is outside .
neut	the professional motorcycle rider racing
cont	the rider is standing .
cont	the racer is sitting in the ground .
enta	the man jumped the bike
enta	a rider is performing a stunt .
neut	the bicycle rider is racing down the hill .
cont	a race rider is running away .
enta	the bike rider carries down the man 's bike .
enta	a dangerous rider is riding a bike and jumping on the ground .
a group of people on the beach with cameras .
neut	a group of people are on the beach playing with their dog .
neut	a group of people are on the beach playing with their family
cont	the people are in the ocean .
cont	a group of people are swimming in the ocean .
enta	there is a group of people on the beach .
enta	a group of people on a beach with their cameras .
neut	a group of people are making pictures of people
neut	tourists wearing a family wedding .
neut	some kids are taking pictures of a beach .
cont	the group of people are talking in the desert .
cont	the group of people are going shopping .
enta	show taking photo is a lot of others .
enta	group watches the beach
neut	people are catching up rope ready to start the top .
cont	people sit at the cafe in silence .
cont	a group of people are taking photos from a desert .
enta	the people are on a beach
two men making dance moves as a woman films the event in the living room of a house or apartment .
neut	two dancers perform for a crowd
neut	the woman is a professional concert .
cont	there is a group of people playing a game of basketball .
cont	the people are playing basketball .
cont	the people are playing basketball
enta	two men performing a dance .
enta	the men are performing a dance .
neut	two dancers perform for the olympics .
cont	a couple of women play football on a dare state place .
cont	the women are sitting down .
cont	a man is eating a cake at home .
enta	men sing by a women .
neut	the looking of men are practicing for a dance performance .
neut	the men are dancing as their friends watch .
cont	the people are eating an adult swimming .
cont	three people make the speech on a stage .
enta	the men are playing with a dance routine .
a man and a woman seated at a table , having drinks and deep in conversation .
neut	two people are drinking beer .
cont	two people are drinking beer at a bar
enta	people at a table .
enta	a man and a woman are talking at a table .
enta	the man and woman are sitting together .
neut	a couple is at the buffet table .
neut	the man is at a wedding .
neut	two people in all talking are talking about sports in a restaurant
cont	a young man is playing catch with his friends .
enta	a man and woman are talking into a table in front of a drink .
enta	a man and woman are making food .
neut	a man is preparing a wedding by his parents .
neut	a man and a woman just told bad tea .
neut	four people have drinks in a party
cont	the man 's mother is standing around the table .
cont	two men are together at a table .
cont	a man and woman are standing by the street .
cont	the man and woman are sitting in front of a small pool .
enta	two people are sitting together on a table .
enta	a man and woman eat outside at a table .
protesters in costumes carry signs through a paved city street .
neut	the protesters are in a parade
neut	the protesters are protesting the square for the people .
cont	a group of protesters are walking through a field .
cont	a group of people are walking in a park .
enta	a group of people are protesting .
enta	people are protesting outside .
enta	protesters are waving signs to the street .
neut	several military spectators trying to stay from the city street for the day .
neut	protesters raise signs from a parade .
cont	the people are running .
cont	there are people asleep in their clothing .
cont	several people are driving to the store
enta	some individuals are protesting off the city street .
enta	there are many people in costumes
enta	people are trying to cross a street .
neut	some women in hard street scene are going to their signs .
neut	the crowd is protesting because she is building a business .
neut	several men are seen applied of flip for a street .
neut	wilson behind the street is talking to customers on it .
cont	three men are eating a ball in the city .
cont	the crowd is seated by the flag getting ready .
cont	the traffic office is driving down the street .
enta	climbers are wearing costumes together .
the woman in the black shirt attempts to find her bike in the midst of the crowded street .
neut	the woman is a professional bike .
neut	the woman is taking a break from riding her bike .
cont	a woman is jogging .
cont	the woman is taking a nap in her bed .
cont	a woman is riding her bike in the park .
enta	the woman is wearing a shirt .
enta	a woman with a black shirt and a bike
enta	woman in black shirt rides a bike
enta	a woman is riding her bike outside .
neut	a woman does bike off the street in the city .
neut	she is fixing the bike .
cont	the woman is sitting on the couch .
cont	the woman is in an office .
cont	a dog eats ice cream
cont	the woman jumps up and down .
enta	a girl is on a bike .
enta	a woman is at a bike .
enta	a woman riding her bike .
neut	the woman is very driving , now
neut	the woman is doing her motorcycle first
cont	herself are swimming at the peak of a road .
cont	the woman is driving the child in the middle of a walk .
cont	a woman at christmas holds tea in the front street .
cont	a woman filming a crowd with no balls
enta	the female woman is working in the middle of a road .
children are playing with a mortar and pistil
neut	kids play with a wooden rope .
neut	children are playing with a gingerbread and are playing .
cont	the kids are sleeping
cont	the children are playing video games .
cont	two kids are playing with a ball
cont	the children are playing with a ball in the park .
enta	children are playing .
enta	children play with each other .
enta	the children are playing with a stump .
neut	high school children are playing with an old lady
neut	children wait to get their hair done .
neut	the children are wearing matching uniforms .
cont	this children are sleeping
cont	the two children are sitting quietly on the floor .
cont	the group of children are sitting quietly in class .
cont	the kids are sleeping indoors .
enta	some children are playing in nature .
enta	children are playing together .
enta	the group of children were playing together .
neut	the child is about to pull the dangerous wood .
cont	two boys are swimming through a structure .
cont	a group of children are drinking soft .
cont	a man and baby eat some watermelons .
enta	the people are together while a bunch .
enta	some children are playing with a play .
a youngster exploring the branches of a tree .
neut	the child is a professional professional .
neut	the child was a singer .
neut	the child is a professional professional jumper .
neut	the child is a professional .
cont	the child is playing with a dog
cont	a man is playing basketball .
cont	the child is playing with his dog
enta	a person is in a tree
enta	a child is playing
enta	someone is taking a tree stump at a tree .
neut	a kid is climbing a tree to get a raise .
cont	a young girl is studying a church room .
cont	a teenage boy receives a shower .
cont	a young woman is watching a movie in the living room .
enta	a human hangs
enta	the man is outside
enta	a kid admires the bushes in a tree
neut	a skateboarder poses for a large tree .
neut	a pitcher is jumping up to plants .
cont	a girl is relaxing with a shark .
cont	a sick has had a ice hoop .
enta	a person is using a tree .
many people are smiling as they gather in a room .
neut	people gather for a party to raise their friends .
neut	the people are at a party
neut	the people are smiling at the camera in a room
cont	the room is empty
cont	a group of people are at the beach eating lunch .
enta	there are people in a room .
enta	a group of people are in a room
enta	some people are in a room .
neut	many people are holding a book .
neut	tourists smiling for an annual 's halloween .
neut	a meeting of kids are wearing blue .
cont	there are no people .
cont	the group of people are taking a nap
cont	people are drinking wine .
cont	ten people are sleeping in a room .
enta	several people look at the room at the room
enta	there are many people gathered .
neut	people are standing on a room with their cellphones .
neut	people are getting a back back to the store .
neut	a group of teenagers are waiting for a holiday lunch .
cont	people are standing outside and turning the door .
cont	the people are standing still in the stove .
cont	the children are enjoying a picnic by the zoo .
cont	people are brewing coffee before their girls .
enta	a group of people is seen at a room .
a man speaking or singing into a microphone while playing the piano .
neut	a man singing to his wife with his guitar .
neut	the man is singing a song to the crowd .
neut	a man singing a song at a concert .
cont	a man singing and playing a guitar
enta	a man is singing
enta	a man is singing .
enta	a man singing a song
neut	a man with no shirt is performing for the first time .
neut	a man in a national suit sings his favorite song .
cont	a man is going to the store
cont	a man is watching television
enta	the man performing on the piano
enta	a man is listening to his instrument .
neut	the politician is casually to people at a band .
cont	a man in shorts and makes his own ring
enta	a man in a musical musician performs
enta	a man is singing and playing a song .
a man bakes in a kitchen while wearing gloves and a hat .
neut	a man is getting ready to eat his lunch .
cont	a woman eats a meal .
cont	a woman eats a sandwich at a restaurant with her friends .
enta	the man is wearing gloves and a hat .
enta	a man wearing gloves and a hat and a hat
neut	father is making breakfast .
neut	a man is selling cooked to make his lunch .
cont	a man in the kitchen playing the piano .
cont	a man is feeding his dog
cont	a man is doing jumping jacks in the park .
enta	a human has wet hair .
enta	a man is in a kitchen with a hat and a hat .
neut	a man is working in a kitchen with his dog .
cont	a man is being sleeping at home with his instruments .
enta	a man is working are working .
two men are shopping for orange juice .
neut	two men shopping for their school home .
neut	the men are shopping for their work .
neut	the men are shopping for their husbands .
neut	two men are shopping for their work .
cont	the two men are at the beach .
cont	the men are sleeping in a tent .
enta	two men shopping for orange .
enta	two men are shopping
enta	two men are shopping .
neut	the man is helping the man buy .
cont	two women shopping .
cont	one man is pushing the two men at the mall .
cont	the women are sitting at a cafe .
enta	two men are shopping
enta	there are two men .
enta	some men in a store are working to direct goods .
neut	two men are going to buy a coke .
neut	the men are shopping for pedestrians .
neut	the two men are shopping for cans and have their hands .
cont	two men are enjoying a movie at home .
cont	two men are making a beer in mock .
cont	two men wear green water from a convertible .
enta	the these guy is browsing out .
a man is signing a guitar , whose owner is smiling and has a hat with lights attached to it .
neut	the man signing the guitar for the crowd .
neut	the man is trying to make a musical instrument
cont	two dogs are playing a guitar in a band .
enta	there is a man with a hat on
enta	a person is smiling .
enta	there is a man in a hat
enta	a musician is giving a guitar to a group .
neut	the man is preparing for a concert together .
neut	a man is playing for another man
cont	the man is walking around .
cont	the man does n't like his guitar on the street .
cont	a clown rides a skateboard down the street .
cont	the man is making cotton candy
enta	a man is using his guitar to a crowd .
neut	the man is performing for a famous concert .
cont	a man hates to knit a shirt on the floor .
enta	there are two groups of thirty people .
enta	a man is touching a guitar with guitar .
a nun is taking a picture outside .
neut	a nun is taking a picture of a young doctor
neut	the nun is a model .
cont	a nun is sleeping on a couch .
cont	the man is sleeping in his bed
cont	a nun is sitting on a couch .
cont	a nun is sitting on a couch .
enta	there is a young person taking a picture .
enta	a nun takes a picture .
enta	a person is taking a picture .
neut	a sad person with a camera is taking a picture .
neut	a father looks at the picture while he is taking pictures .
cont	someone is scuba is trying to find the dog .
cont	the nun is walking around .
enta	the nun in the picture .
neut	the toddler is giving a picture to be painted .
cont	the boy is serving a man .
enta	a female is dressed up
enta	a person with little hair is standing up .
woman is playing with a young girl , by holding her upside down .
neut	two women are holding hands .
neut	the woman is playing with her daughter
neut	a mother plays with her friend .
cont	a woman is playing with a dog .
enta	there is a woman and a girl playing with a little object .
enta	a woman is playing with a girl .
enta	the woman plays with a little girl .
enta	the woman is playing with a girl
neut	a woman and her daughter in a park
neut	a woman prepares for a walk home with the girl .
neut	a mother and daughter play with her brother .
cont	the woman and her daughter were listening to the man .
cont	girl sitting around playing with her friends
cont	nobody is getting ready .
enta	a woman and a young girl are in the same direction .
enta	a woman is holding her girl .
neut	a woman wearing a high coat is playing with a white girl .
neut	a woman prepares to take a boy from one second .
neut	a woman is about to jump into a tall girl .
neut	a woman is trying to find with her makeup out of a kid .
cont	a woman fell in a race while holding hands .
cont	a woman sat in the dressing of a road .
cont	a woman jumps around a kid playing with her blocks .
enta	a woman is playing with a young girl
enta	a woman playing with a little girl in her arm .
enta	a woman playing with a young girl .
people are gathered by a tree beside a line of white tents .
neut	a group of people are gathered for a concert .
neut	people gather to be a good time to see a tree .
cont	the people are watching a movie in the hall .
cont	the people are sitting in a chair
enta	there is a tree on the ground .
enta	the people are gathered by a tree .
enta	the tree is on the tent .
enta	the people are gathered by a tree .
neut	a family at a park .
cont	the people are driving a bus .
cont	a group of children are playing with a ball in the park .
cont	the people are underwater in the pool .
cont	the trees are not being seen by people
enta	people walk near a tree .
enta	the group is standing
neut	the people are hard from cards of their garden .
neut	the crowd of people are waiting for the road to meet .
neut	people are meeting to a big picture .
cont	some people fight at the library .
cont	the group in a protest are performing inside .
enta	people are standing at the tree tree .
enta	a couple of people watch something from the tree .
a girl at a wedding holding some orange flowers
neut	a girl at a wedding holding a white flowers at a wedding .
cont	the girl is at the beach playing hide
cont	a girl is sleeping .
enta	a girl is holding something .
enta	a girl is holding flowers .
enta	the girl is holding a bouquet .
enta	a girl at a wedding holding flowers .
neut	girl is holding a birthday party in her new floral flowers .
cont	the girl is sitting on the field and dead flowers .
cont	a boy looks bored in the wedding 's crowd .
cont	the girl is wearing a black suit .
enta	a girl is holding something in her hands
neut	the young girl waits to buy a dress .
neut	a young girl watches the groom take a wedding .
cont	a girl stands around the shower and thinking .
cont	a girl in the kitchen joint fabric behind a wedding .
cont	a girl uses a cheeseburger in the middle of flowers .
cont	a girl is looking at a church .
enta	a girl is holding flowers in front of the flowers .
enta	a girl is standing at her wedding and hugging .
enta	a girl is holding flowers in front of the wedding .
a man playing a banjo near a tree at an outdoor event .
neut	a man plays a banjo in a park .
neut	a man is playing the banjo for his family .
neut	the man plays the banjo for the crowd .
cont	a man is sleeping on the couch .
cont	a man is playing the flute .
cont	a woman plays the piano in a park .
enta	a man is outside
enta	the man is playing an instrument .
enta	a man is playing music .
enta	the man is outside .
neut	the man is reaching for something .
neut	a man is performing at a concert
cont	a man is playing a banjo on a street .
cont	a man is eating a dog at the beach .
cont	a young man is smashing a basketball
enta	man is playing a banjo .
enta	he is performing music outside .
enta	a human gets wet .
enta	someone is using a microphone .
neut	the man is trying to make his performance at the concert .
neut	a man is about to buy a peach .
neut	a man practices on his gig exam for a dance .
cont	the man is playing a guitar for a crowd .
enta	the man is under a tree .
enta	a man is playing an instrument .
a man in a santa claus costume is sitting on a wooden chair holding a microphone and a stringed instrument .
neut	a man is performing for a crowd
cont	a woman on a chair
cont	a woman in a suit is performing a trick on a chair .
enta	a man has a microphone
enta	someone is holding a microphone .
enta	the people are near a microphone .
enta	the man is holding a microphone and a microphone and a singer .
neut	a man is practicing his favorite financial to a group of people .
cont	the man is sitting on the ground .
cont	a man is eating lunch at home
enta	a man is putting on a piece of a microphone
enta	a man and man play an instrument .
enta	a man is being photographed by a man .
neut	a man is using a set to his wife
neut	a man is giving money on a performance game .
cont	the men are wondering on the sofa playing a piano .
cont	the man is on a play platform with his violin .
enta	the man is dressed up by the mic .
enta	a man is playing with a microphone indoors .
two young adult passengers of a vehicle are sleeping .
neut	the race was being held by two people .
neut	two adults are tired
neut	the people are waiting for the train to arrive .
neut	two friends are sleeping on a car in the truck .
cont	two adults are eating .
cont	the people are on a boat .
enta	two young people are sleeping on a car .
enta	the adults are sitting in a car
enta	two adult train in a vehicle .
enta	the people are sleeping
neut	two adult humans in a light light light light to the park .
cont	the people are eatting a car .
cont	a couple of four are playing a game of tennis .
cont	a group of friends is walking into the park .
enta	there are two males .
enta	there is a man and two babies .
enta	the young people are together
neut	two indian boys carrying an atv to save a building .
neut	the boy and the brothers are all hungry
neut	two kids are going to their mother 's vehicle .
cont	the pedestrians are at home , one is crying .
cont	a dog is pushing the other passengers flying .
cont	a cat sleeps on the moon
cont	two young children are at a fairground .
enta	two happy each belongings a car .
enta	two young adult are carrying a vehicle
a young man dressed in black dress clothes lies down with his head resting in the lap of an older man in plain clothes .
neut	a man is dressed in black clothes to his friend 's hair .
neut	the man is going to go down a hill
cont	two men are playing in a field
cont	two young men are wearing black clothes and are sitting on the bench .
enta	the man is wearing a dress
enta	two men are near a young man .
enta	the man is partially in the other man
neut	the young brunette is trying to get into the old man .
cont	a young woman and an older man have just closed the floor .
cont	a young man is fishing in the ocean .
cont	a young man with a beard and a young man are fishing .
cont	the man plays in the sand , working his job .
enta	a young man in a dress poses .
enta	the man is watching a young man in medieval clothes .
neut	the young man is lying down behind his right .
neut	a person is road by a father before he likes to go .
cont	a man has fallen on the nail in a yellow shoes .
cont	the youth is wearing a black dress and blue .
cont	a man and female are riding a bike down the street .
cont	a man looks at an old guy with no backpacks .
enta	a young man is outdoors looking at his foot .
a group of four people are standing in the ocean next to a jet ski while a man close by fishes .
neut	the man is a professional .
neut	a man and a woman are standing next to a jet ski in the ocean
cont	people are sitting in a car .
cont	there are people sitting in a car
enta	people standing near a body of water .
enta	some people are standing near the ocean .
enta	the people are outside .
neut	one of the people and one man are getting ready to go on a winter
neut	friends are moving around the ocean .
neut	the men and the woman are at the ocean waiting .
cont	the group is running around the mountains through the ocean .
cont	the group of four friends are drinking lemonade at the beach .
enta	the people in the water are not on the water .
neut	the people are standing in the ocean and tripped by scuba .
neut	the people are so going to see if
cont	four people are sitting in the middle of a pool of gas .
cont	the cows are swimming in the lake .
cont	two men are fast in a ditch .
enta	three people are standing outside in the cove .
enta	the gathering of people are standing by the ocean .
boy reading book with company of a rolled over dog .
neut	a boy reads a book to his dog to his wife
neut	a boy and dog are outside .
neut	the boy is reading a book in the library .
cont	a boy is playing with a dog
cont	the boy is sleeping on the couch with his dog .
cont	a boy is playing with his dog .
enta	a boy is reading
enta	a boy is reading .
enta	boy reading
enta	the boy is on the dog .
neut	the dog wants the treat .
cont	a boy is riding a car on a street .
cont	girl reads in bed with dog and dog
enta	a boy is holding a dog book .
enta	there are children in the same vehicle .
enta	the boy writing a book .
neut	a boy is looking at a other dog correctly .
neut	a dark-haired boy is listening to be some porn .
cont	a boy plays with a cat on the sidewalk .
cont	the boy is washing off he is made .
cont	a cow is taking a picture of her way home .
enta	a boy is standing underneath a dog .
enta	a boy is reading a book with a dog .
enta	a boy is reading a book with another dog .
a middle-aged man works under the engine of a train on rail tracks .
neut	a tall person using a train tracks .
cont	the man is driving his car to the store in the city .
enta	a man is in a train station .
enta	there is a man working on rail
enta	a man is working on the tracks .
enta	a man is working on a train tracks .
neut	the vehicle is going to work .
cont	a man is assembling his car .
cont	a man stands in the rain with his hands and work .
cont	a man is putting a car on the train tracks .
enta	a young man rides a train tracks .
enta	a man working in the train tracks .
neut	a man cloth her employee at the train station .
neut	gentleman is working for a break on the road .
cont	a man is trying to fixing a truck .
cont	a man is n't going to a car .
enta	a man is enjoying a project during a train .
enta	a guy has been working in a train line .
enta	a man is working with a train tracks .
two hikers walk along a path adjacent to an old wall .
neut	the hikers are walking to the store .
neut	the hikers are walking to the store .
neut	two people walk through a park .
cont	the people are inside
cont	the people are walking on a dirt path .
cont	the people are sitting
enta	two hikers walk .
enta	hikers walk along a path
enta	two hikers walk along a path .
enta	the two hikers are outside .
neut	people are walking in france .
neut	hikers outside in a park .
cont	two people race down a dirt road .
cont	two people are riding a man .
cont	a bunch of fish is a lake
cont	two people having tea in the kitchen .
enta	two hikers are walking by a wall .
enta	two hikers are outside .
enta	hikers are walking together on a path .
neut	two dusk bikers are surrounded by asian wall .
neut	the hundreds 's tour guide walking earlier the graffiti .
cont	some men are running through the city platform .
cont	the hikers are racing each other during the big summer .
cont	scuba have walking on the path .
enta	two people are walking on a hill .
enta	a people of this air looks on an old wall .
the guys in white shirts horse around near a park .
neut	guys are looking at the park for a ride .
cont	three guys are riding bikes in a race .
cont	a group of guys are riding bikes in a park .
cont	a woman in a white shirt
cont	three women are riding a horse in a park .
enta	the guys are outside .
enta	the guys are riding horses .
enta	men are outside
neut	someone is waiting to go to the park .
neut	the man works for a group of people .
neut	several men are digging a hole in the park .
cont	the group of people is inside the park .
cont	some people are swimming in a lake .
enta	several men are moving toward a park .
enta	a man is at the park .
neut	some guys are at a annual meeting .
cont	the cowboy is crying at the child .
cont	the crowd is riding down the road .
enta	three men are outside resting .
enta	the men are outside in the city .
a girl is getting ready to dive into a pool .
neut	a girl is going to perform in a pool tournament .
neut	a girl is going to make a bath in a pool .
cont	a girl is swimming in the lake with her friends .
cont	a person on a skateboard .
cont	the girl is sleeping .
enta	the girl is playing in water .
enta	a girl is getting ready to board a pool .
enta	the girl is working .
enta	the girl is outside .
neut	a girl is playing with a family at the pool .
neut	a little girl trying to catch a ball in the pool
neut	the girl is going to win a race .
cont	dog chases child
cont	the boy is not playing with a ball .
cont	a boy is sitting at home with his friends .
cont	a boy is getting into balloons .
enta	a girl going swimming
enta	a girl is preparing to swim .
enta	a little girl is receiving swimming in the pool .
enta	a girl jumps into the pool .
neut	a girl is doing things into a pool to play .
neut	the girl is outside riding the newly pool .
neut	the girl fixes the pool to make food .
cont	a cat is pouring a beverage .
cont	a girl is using vegetables while jumping into a pool .
cont	the girl is asleep on the pool .
enta	a girl is getting ready to jump into a pool .
young man running towards a tennis court while another is waiting in the other side of the net .
neut	two tennis teams are playing tennis .
neut	the men are playing tennis .
neut	two young men are running to catch a tennis ball
cont	the men are sitting
cont	the young man is running away from the tennis court .
cont	a young man is sitting on the ground
cont	two girls play basketball .
enta	the man is running .
enta	two men run towards a tennis court .
enta	a man is running towards a tennis court .
enta	two men run towards a tennis court , and one is waiting in the other
neut	a young man trying to make a ball
neut	the young man plays tennis outside
cont	the young man was cooking .
cont	the men is swimming in the air .
cont	a young man rides a bike down a hill .
enta	someone is playing a sport .
neut	a man is running without his tricks in this bowling competition .
neut	a man played the tennis tennis with a racket .
neut	the young man is a professional and jumping in front of the net .
cont	a man is watching a soccer game .
cont	a penguin sits in front of a very big skate .
enta	a person is running past a tennis match .
enta	a young man is running past a tennis .
enta	a man is running up the tennis shot .
a local policeman standing in front of the counter with complete equipments belted to his waist .
neut	a policeman is trying to get a call
neut	the policeman is standing in front of the fire for his wife .
neut	the policeman is standing in front of the fire for the day .
cont	the man is standing in front of a fire .
cont	the policeman is in the middle of the street .
cont	the policeman is sleeping on the ground .
enta	a person is standing in front of a fire .
enta	the man is standing
enta	the policeman is standing in front of a counter .
neut	a policeman is watching to go people
neut	the policeman gives for work
cont	a police car is at the top of the counter .
cont	a cop is riding home after a long day of work .
cont	the police officer is at the roof .
enta	a policeman dressed in life .
enta	one man is outside with a hat .
enta	a police officer is outside
neut	the policeman was giving the money from getting money around .
neut	the police got stopped up to do the watch .
cont	the firefighter is on the ground with his coworker .
cont	a man is laid his gear sitting .
cont	a man is trying to steal his superhero .
enta	a small man with sedan is standing and objects .
a group of people walk down a pedestrian only street in asia near large green trees and older brown buildings .
neut	the people are walking to the store
neut	some people are walking to the store .
neut	people walk down a road to get to work .
cont	a group of people are sitting in a car in the city .
cont	the people are sitting on the couch .
cont	the people are sitting in the grass .
enta	the group of people are walking outside .
enta	people walking
enta	some people are walking outside
enta	a group of people walk outside .
neut	one people just had an activity .
neut	the cars walk towards the people are wearing blue clothing .
cont	the people are crawling
cont	the group of people are watching a movie on the street .
cont	people are laying down in the woods .
enta	the people walking the building .
enta	the building had people .
enta	several people are walking down a road
enta	a group of people walking in the road
neut	some people walking hanging in the middle of their building .
neut	a group of people are enjoying plans of the snow path .
cont	a group of people are sitting at a bus stop .
enta	people facing each other on a city street .
a girl in a white dress dancing in a field .
neut	the girl is dancing in a field in a park .
neut	the girl is dancing at a wedding
cont	a girl is wearing a black dress and holding a baseball .
cont	a girl is sitting in a chair .
enta	a girl dancing in a field .
enta	a girl dancing .
enta	a girl is dancing in a field .
enta	a girl in a white dress is dancing
neut	the girl is making a tennis match .
cont	a man is rapping in the middle of the field .
cont	the girls is in a church .
cont	the lady is boxing basketball .
cont	a boy is taking his girl 's hands .
enta	a female is dancing in the grass .
neut	a girl in a white dress dancing in a field that has bad color .
cont	the girl is angry off the boy .
cont	a young girl is walking around the park .
enta	the girl is dancing in the field .
enta	a girl is dancing on a field .
two backpackers look at scenic mountains .
neut	two black skateboarders are looking at the sky with their hands .
cont	the people are sitting on a couch .
enta	there are two snowboarders .
enta	two backpackers look at the mountains
enta	there are people in a mountain .
neut	two females are posing for a picture
neut	two sisters look at a mountain .
cont	two guys are sitting .
cont	nobody is standing
enta	two students are outside
enta	some people are looking at a hill .
neut	there are two grills and a mountain trail .
neut	a group of people are enjoying the picture of us .
cont	two women are going to the theater
cont	the five people were in a store , but are lost .
cont	two people are eating dinner at the zoo .
enta	the people are shopping on the mountain .
enta	the people are looking at the mountains .
man in green vest directing traffic in snowy conditions , pedestrians standing on the sidelines .
neut	the man is waiting for his wife .
neut	a man performs traffic for the day
neut	the man is performing for a crowd
cont	the man is sleeping on the ground .
cont	a man sits on a bench at the beach .
cont	the man is watching a movie
enta	the man is in the winter .
enta	the man was waiting in the snow .
neut	the man carries a stop in the snow .
neut	a female performs for hours in a snow storm .
cont	the man swims in the lake .
cont	the man is shooting a rabbit .
cont	the man is driving a car
enta	a man outside at the snow
neut	a man is parked on a path for his person .
neut	the man is in a snow tire , waving to people .
cont	the man is participating in a car .
cont	an man is bags from a firetruck .
enta	a person who is currently in snowy weather .
a group of people wearing blue shirts , standing in the grass .
neut	a group of people are waiting for the sun to arrive
cont	people are sitting in a chair .
cont	the grass is empty .
enta	the people are standing outside .
enta	there is a group of people outside .
enta	a group of people are standing outside .
enta	there are people standing in the grass in the grass
neut	the grass is wet and the boy is standing .
neut	a group of people are watching the snow in the grass
neut	the group is waiting for the bus to arrive .
neut	some people are dressed up for a meeting .
cont	these people are wearing green shirts .
cont	people are swimming
cont	the group of people are looking at the sky .
cont	the group is at home sleeping
enta	the people are standing around .
neut	the people are enjoying the line of a storm .
neut	the people are going to celebrate a red man .
neut	some people in the grassy uniforms are posing for a picture .
cont	a group of people are running in line to see a live show .
cont	man beside in a field of flowers .
enta	the group of people are in the grass .
enta	a group of people watch something in the grass .
a group of people wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking through a wooded area on a trail .
neut	a group of people are walking to the store .
neut	a group of people are walking to the store
neut	a group of people are walking to work
cont	the people are sitting on the ground .
cont	a group of people are sitting in a chair at the park .
cont	the people are sitting in a restaurant .
enta	a group of people are walking through a forest on a trail .
enta	the people are outside
enta	people walk through a forest
enta	a group of people are wearing hats
neut	the two people are hiking towards the mountains .
neut	it 's a sunny day outside .
cont	the kids all are walking through the forest to the store .
cont	naked people walking through an empty area .
enta	a group of people are walking
enta	some people wearing hats are walking in a wooded area .
neut	the party is looking at the new load .
neut	three guys dressed are walking and enjoy the view of a forest .
neut	there are several people all during a snow trail
cont	the women are standing alone in the middle of the sand .
cont	no one with fur walking in a field .
cont	there are no one giving a picnic
cont	the people are running away from the store .
enta	the group of people are outside
enta	these people are walking along a trail
a maintenance worker walking past a statue .
neut	the person is a woman .
neut	the person is a man .
cont	the statue is made of wood .
cont	the worker is sleeping on the couch .
enta	a worker walks past a statue
enta	the person is walking
enta	a person walks past a statue .
neut	a worker is walking to his first laying up something .
neut	the distracted supervisor walk .
cont	a man is sitting on the couch .
cont	the person is sitting in the corner seat .
enta	an employee walks down a statue of a statue .
enta	a person walks past an statue .
neut	the worker is wearing a blue worker and waiting for the statue .
cont	a woman was taking a train in heavy .
enta	the worker is near the wall .
old man with gray blanket on squatting against a wall
neut	the man is a farmer
neut	the old man is trying to get the wall .
neut	the man is trying to get to the wall
cont	the man is sitting on the ground .
cont	a young man with a red blanket on his back .
cont	the old man is walking on the beach .
enta	an old man is wearing a blanket
enta	there is a man with a blanket on a wall .
enta	a human with gray blanket on a wall
neut	an old man is getting ready to enter a work path .
neut	a sad man is taking an empty platform .
neut	an elderly man is trying to get his taxes in a building .
cont	two young people walk on the street .
cont	a man is on the wall with a black blanket .
cont	a young man is taking a break .
enta	an old man on a wall .
enta	an elderly man and a blanket is laying on a wall .
neut	the lock man is trying to get a beer .
neut	a man is getting sunburned above the wall of a dog .
cont	a man who is sitting on his parents 's head .
cont	the man out on nets because she plays the video game .
cont	a man wearing a jean shack is dancing from a wall .
cont	the man is running next to his red towel .
enta	an old man is gazing out of a wall .
enta	an old man with a white blanket .
enta	the man is leaning another by a wall .
a mother and her two children sit down to rest .
neut	the mother is taking her children to the park .
neut	people are waiting for their mother to get home .
neut	they are waiting for their mother .
cont	the mother is sleeping in her bed .
cont	the woman is sleeping on the floor .
cont	the mother and children are in a field .
enta	a mother is sitting down to her .
enta	a woman and children are outdoors .
neut	the woman and the children are taking a break .
neut	the woman and her daughter are scared .
neut	a mother eats chips for her children at the park .
neut	the woman and her children have their picture taken .
cont	the women went out on the floor .
enta	a woman and two children are outdoors .
neut	a woman is giving her children see .
cont	a couple of four put boxes on the ground .
cont	a woman plays with the children at school .
enta	a mother and four children are sitting outside with their children .
enta	the child is next to a moment with .
a man and women walk atop a hill .
neut	the man and woman are walking to the store
neut	the people are walking to the store .
neut	the people are walking down a hill .
cont	a man and a woman are playing in a park .
cont	the man is sitting on the ground .
enta	two people walk .
enta	they are walking outside
enta	a man and woman are walking on a hill
enta	the man and woman are walking outside .
neut	two of the people are exploring the hill .
neut	the couple is in the morning and looking for a hike .
neut	a man and women is showing off a hill and walking down a hill .
cont	the couple is sleeping
cont	a man and woman are taking a nap on a bridge .
enta	a man and woman are walking in nature .
enta	the couple are walking down a hill in a hill .
neut	a man is enjoying a presentation of two others .
cont	the man is still in a chair .
cont	a bunch of people are sitting down in the shade .
enta	a man in a full walks near the hill .
enta	the man is close to upon .
a young boy kissing an old man on the forehead .
neut	a boy is kissing his mother .
neut	the boy is kissing his mother .
neut	a sad boy kissing an old man on the forehead
cont	a boy is crying in his bed
cont	a boy is sleeping on the couch .
cont	a boy is sleeping
cont	a boy is crying in his kitchen .
enta	the boy is kissing an old man .
enta	there is a young boy in a little boy .
neut	the old man is holding a toddler .
neut	a young boy is smiling while a man is walking down the street .
cont	an old man is jumping on his feet
cont	a boy is asleep in the corner .
cont	the young man is dancing .
enta	father is hugging .
enta	boy walks with young child
neut	a boy is pointing to a man because he is passionate .
neut	a boy is pointing at his mother wants to eat .
cont	the man is swinging on the moon .
cont	a young boy is crying on its ground .
cont	the boy is reading a picture of the man .
enta	a happy boy is beside by two old man .
enta	the man is near a boy .
three people , a woman and two men ride scooters amongst the pedestrians of a busy city street .
neut	the people are going to work
cont	three people are riding scooters in a park .
enta	a group of people ride scooters in a city .
enta	there are people outside .
enta	people are outside
neut	the people are wearing white clothes .
neut	a couple of people have a lot of food in the city .
neut	three people are riding their motorcycles to the store .
cont	there are no people riding their motorcycles .
cont	the man is driving in his bike .
cont	there are multiple people are walking in a field .
enta	three people are moving around the city .
enta	some people riding their bicycles and a woman riding their bikes in the city .
neut	a woman and her sister are outside waiting to go by the building .
neut	the group of people are doing a backflip class .
cont	five people all riding fast their bikes and a man .
cont	a mothers of women are riding their bikes in a corner .
enta	four people are gathered in front of the road .
enta	a crowd of people ride through a busy street .
enta	there are people going on a vehicle in the city .
two seattle firefighters standing in front of their truck .
neut	two firefighters standing in front of their truck to get a break .
cont	the firefighters are sleeping in the car
cont	two men are sitting in a car in front of a truck .
enta	two firefighters standing outside .
enta	the firefighters are standing in front of a truck .
enta	the car is outside .
neut	a construction worker is leaning against a truck and waiting for the bus .
cont	construction workers are dancing in the rain
enta	two people look up at the fire .
enta	two firefighters are standing near the truck .
neut	the firefighters are going to finish it full of truck .
cont	the four firemen are standing on the floor toward their car .
cont	four workers are catching down the crosswalk of their construction .
cont	the men are sitting on the ground .
enta	students are standing in front of their truck .
a man in a suit and tie is opening a door .
neut	the man is a farmer
neut	a man is opening a door for his wife .
cont	the man is playing a game of monopoly
cont	a man is sitting on a couch .
enta	there is a man in a suit and tie .
enta	the man is wearing a suit
enta	the man is wearing a suit .
neut	a man is waiting for the bus to get .
neut	a shirtless man is taking a break from work
neut	a man in a suit poses for a photo shoot
neut	a nicely dressed man with a suit is trying to get a tan on the
cont	a boy in a suit has a shaved suit .
enta	a person in a suit and tie sits on a door .
neut	a teacher is watching others are standing in the door .
neut	a man is giving a speech to something ahead .
cont	a man is laying in front of a house .
cont	the man is drinking in a cactus .
cont	the man is far atop a woman by herself .
enta	the man 's colored suit is on a door .
enta	a man is making something on a door .
a girl in a red top is holding slips of paper .
neut	a girl is smiling .
neut	a girl is holding a paper to her mother .
cont	girl eats dinner .
cont	the girl is holding a large cat in the kitchen .
enta	a girl is holding on to a paper
enta	a girl is near paper .
enta	a girl is wearing a red top .
neut	a girl is preparing for the book
neut	a girl holding a drawing on a paper .
cont	the man is having a picnic party
cont	a boy is buying lemonade and walks into the ocean .
cont	girl is sunbathing on the beach .
enta	a girl has on top of paper .
enta	there is a girl holding a paper .
enta	a girl with a top is standing
enta	a girl is being holding on paper paper
neut	a girl is trying to get to her coffee .
neut	a girl is about to serve a dress .
cont	a girl is standing on the street wrapping with a burger .
cont	a girl stares at her dog .
cont	a female in blue stood held a mess .
enta	two girl are posing in front of a paper .
a woman in a light blue jacket is riding a bike .
neut	the woman is a professional .
cont	a woman is sleeping .
enta	a person is on a bike .
enta	the woman is riding a bike .
enta	a woman is riding a bike .
enta	a woman is on a bike .
neut	a woman is riding her bike to her house .
neut	a woman is texting her bike .
cont	the woman is sitting on the floor eating a dog .
cont	the woman is in a field .
cont	a bird is playing on the floor
cont	the man is wearing all black at the restaurant .
enta	a woman in a blue jacket is riding a bike .
enta	the woman is by a bike .
enta	a person riding a bike .
enta	a woman is riding a bike .
neut	a woman is riding a bike as they try to ride a bike .
neut	a woman is riding a bike past the racetrack .
cont	the woman is patrolling in the front of a church .
cont	a woman dropped her shoes on a motorcycle .
enta	the woman is riding a bike .
colorfully dressed people walk down the center of the road , with onlookers behind a barricade .
neut	a group of people are walking to the store to go out .
neut	the people are walking to the store
neut	the people are walking to the store to buy .
neut	there are people walking down a road in a city park .
cont	the people are sitting in the grass .
cont	people are sitting in a cafe .
cont	the people are sitting on the couch .
cont	people are walking on a street in a field .
enta	a group of people are walking .
enta	people walk down a road with people walking down the road .
enta	the people walk outside .
enta	people are walking outside .
neut	some people are looking for a place to dine .
neut	the people are male outdoors .
cont	people in white bed sleeping .
cont	there are people watching fireworks in the middle of the ocean .
cont	the people stand are hiking down the street .
cont	lots of people wearing no is walking .
enta	there is a meeting of people .
neut	a guy and son are standing near the elevator having a fun .
neut	the group of people are outside for a race race .
neut	three people walking to a dirt road .
neut	a railroad workers are walking down the road of a road .
cont	the city make of control boards while running around .
cont	the people are standing down in the city .
enta	you dressed is not standing on the road .
enta	people are walking down a road .
a boy and a girl in jackets gaze in a clothing store window .
neut	they are looking at the boy 's house
cont	the boy and girl are sitting in a chair .
cont	the boy and girl are sitting on a couch .
enta	two children are looking at a window .
enta	a boy and girl are in a store .
enta	there is a boy and girl in a store .
enta	two people are in a store .
neut	the flowers are in the store .
neut	the group of children are a boy
cont	dog chases boy
cont	a boy and girl are driving a car
enta	the boy and girl are looking at a clothing store .
enta	the boy and girl are outside a store .
enta	the boy and girl is looking at the store window .
neut	a blond girl and her boy are getting ready to fight .
neut	the child is dressed up for an sun weather .
cont	a boy is being playing on a field shoot .
cont	a boy watches broccoli from his little girl .
cont	the boy is all sleeping in his uniform .
cont	a child in jacket and his swim up to the window .
enta	a boy in in two jersey , some of clothes are beside in a store
a seattle firefighter standing in front of his truck .
neut	the firefighter is the owner of the truck .
neut	a firefighter waits for a truck .
cont	the firefighter 's car is a zombie .
enta	a firefighter is standing .
enta	a firefighter is outside .
enta	a firefighter is standing outside .
enta	there is a firefighter on a vehicle
neut	a boy observes a fire for a fire .
neut	the firefighter is a performer
neut	a firefighter is going to work
neut	the fireman is native .
cont	a fireman is on a swing
cont	a boy is in the living room .
enta	a firefighter is standing in front of a truck .
enta	a firefighter is standing in front of a truck .
neut	the truck is not going to life .
neut	the police officer is trying to get traffic down .
cont	a double firefighter is breaking a sedan of work .
cont	a woman is being working on top of a truck .
enta	a traffic fell is on a vehicle .
enta	a family stands in front of his workplace with smoke .
a group of three people climb a path of wooden stairs up a rocky hill .
neut	the people are all wearing shirts .
neut	the people are going to a party
neut	the people are all wearing shirts
neut	the people are going to work .
cont	the people are sitting .
enta	three people are climbing stairs .
enta	some people are climbing stairs
enta	the people are outside
neut	the people are rich .
neut	the people are working in the park for a class .
cont	three people are walking a dog
cont	a group of people are watching television .
cont	three people are riding the bus .
cont	three people are running a race .
enta	there are people climb stairs .
neut	two people are climbing flags and they is climbing .
neut	some people are trying out building the track .
cont	a group of four people playing at the rally
cont	pirates stand around the ceiling of a path .
cont	some people are doing hiking away in a field .
enta	a group of people are out on the steps .
two young boys of opposing teams play football , while wearing full protection uniforms and helmets .
neut	two boys play football in the park
cont	the boys are in the middle of the ocean .
enta	there are children playing a game of football .
enta	the boys are wearing uniforms .
enta	the boys are playing football .
neut	some boys are watching a football game .
cont	two young people are dressed in tuxedos .
cont	two boys are naked and swimming in the pool .
cont	the boys were wearing baseball uniforms
enta	the kids were standing in front of a football game .
neut	two boys are play football in front of a championship .
neut	the two boys are skipping made team .
cont	ducks are drinking beer in the sun .
cont	two boys and two dogs compete in a smokey .
cont	the boys are standing on the street singing .
cont	two boys are kicking a baseball from the floor .
enta	two children are playing a game of sport .
enta	the boys are playing football .
a woman reaching for candy bars that are on a shelf .
neut	the woman is a farmer
neut	a woman is shopping for a birthday cake .
neut	the woman is at the beach
neut	a woman is shopping for a birthday cake .
cont	a woman is eating a sandwich
cont	a woman pushes a car
cont	a woman is swimming in the ocean .
cont	the woman is sitting on the couch .
enta	a woman is holding a bottle .
enta	a woman walks with a bottle .
neut	the woman is worried .
cont	a man rides a skateboard to the park .
cont	the women is eating a meal .
enta	the woman gets candy .
enta	an individual is in a box .
neut	the woman is going to get into a muffin .
cont	a woman is working on a small dog .
cont	a woman is hiking a large break .
cont	the woman is sleep
enta	a woman is taking food at a kitchen .
two women , one walking her dog the other pushing a stroller .
neut	the women are walking their leash for the first time at the park .
neut	two friends walk a baby stroller down a mountain .
neut	two women are walking to the store .
cont	a man and a cat are walking .
enta	two women walk a baby stroller .
enta	there are two women and a baby .
enta	women are walking a baby stroller .
enta	a woman and her dog are outside .
neut	two friends are getting their dog on the street .
neut	two woman walk a stroller to the park .
cont	three women are walking their cat .
cont	a woman is eating lunch with another woman .
cont	a woman dances for an audience
cont	the men are sitting down .
enta	there are women in the same sewing a stroller .
enta	the woman and a dog are using a stroller .
neut	two women are shopping at the moment .
neut	a woman is pushing to eat while in the city .
neut	a woman and guy are going to a store .
cont	two women are running turns to the gym .
cont	two women are sitting on a child walking .
enta	a group of people are watching a dog out of the stroller .
enta	two women are walking inside .
a dancer in costumer performs on stage while a man watches .
neut	they are dancing for a crowd .
neut	a man is performing for a crowd of people
cont	two people play a game of basketball .
cont	the dancer is playing baseball .
cont	a woman is playing a guitar .
enta	people are performing on stage .
enta	the dancer is performing on the stage .
neut	a dancers practicing for the competition .
neut	a dancer performing a show for the audience .
neut	a dancers are performing for the olympics .
cont	the man has a woman on his head .
enta	there are people .
enta	a man is doing a performance on a stage .
neut	the singer is performing a senior trick on stage .
neut	a wedding is trying to celebrate a baby behind the stage .
cont	a winter occupies a man holding on the show .
cont	the female girl is dancing through a crowd
enta	a teenager is using technology and perform .
woman singing on stage in front of backup dancers
neut	a woman is singing on stage in front of a crowd .
cont	a woman is sleeping .
cont	a man is playing a guitar
cont	a woman is playing a guitar .
enta	the woman sings on stage
enta	a woman is performing on a stage in front of dancers .
enta	a woman is dancing on stage .
neut	the woman is winning
neut	a lady dance to dance on stage .
neut	a woman sings over her friend 's friend .
cont	a band is eating lunch .
enta	a women with dancers are dancing on stage .
enta	a woman singing on stage .
neut	an women brunette a dancers of dancers during a ceremony .
neut	the woman is an orchestra for people of life .
cont	the woman is holding a flower and in the park .
enta	the woman is performing a show in front of the show .
a man is standing on a rooftop looking at his camera .
neut	a tall human standing
neut	a man is taking pictures of his wife at his birthday party .
cont	the man is sitting on the ground looking at his camera
cont	the man is at the beach .
enta	a man stands on a rooftop looking at his camera .
enta	a man is outside .
enta	there is a man standing outside
neut	a man is waiting for his ride on the ocean .
neut	a man watches his wife perform in front of a crowd .
neut	the man is contemplating on a camera .
cont	the man is camping on the ocean .
cont	a man is looking at his camera in a field .
enta	a man is looking up into a camera .
enta	there is a man by a building
neut	a man is trying to fix his camera before .
cont	a man is watching ups on a hot tub .
cont	a man is taking a picture by a lake .
enta	someone is listening to the camera .
women in a hat a making selling goods .
neut	women are selling items for a party in a hat
neut	women in a hat are selling cookies .
neut	women are selling items to sell for a new fair .
cont	a man is eating a sandwich at a restaurant .
enta	a woman in a hat is selling food .
neut	women in a hat looking for food to be .
neut	the woman is going through the china .
neut	women buying items at a market .
cont	there are no women involved in the woman .
cont	women eating a sandwich .
cont	the woman drinks lemonade from the store .
cont	the lady in the hat is carrying a baseball .
enta	there are women in a hat .
enta	the women are in a hat .
neut	the women is working on their day out .
neut	people are talking of their items because he is drunk .
cont	a group of nicely served men climbs to a table .
cont	nobody is playing a game
cont	women are watching a movie on tv .
enta	the crowd of women are selling goods .
a woman in a blue tank-top rides a blue bicycle in front of a crowd of meandering pedestrians .
neut	the woman is wearing a blue shirt and yellow .
neut	a woman rides a bike to the store to start .
cont	a woman is riding in a car
enta	a woman is outside .
enta	a woman is on a bike .
enta	woman riding on bike
neut	a female is riding a bike at a park
cont	a woman with tattoos taking a bath
cont	a woman is driving a car .
cont	the woman is walking on a street by a street .
enta	a woman and people are seated .
enta	the woman has a bike
neut	a woman is surfing to which help win .
neut	a female is going to direct her stand .
neut	a woman in blue paints a blue rider .
cont	the woman is dressed in the grey of church .
cont	the woman is wearing a green striped bear .
enta	a lady is riding a bicycle in front of a crowd .
a dog begins to climb a brick staircase near plants .
neut	a dog is walking to the store .
neut	a dog is chasing a rabbit .
cont	a dog is chasing a cat .
cont	a dog is chasing a cat .
cont	a dog is sitting on a couch .
cont	a cat is climbing a staircase .
enta	a dog is climbing a staircase near some plants
enta	a dog near some plants .
enta	a dog outside .
enta	the dog is walking outside
neut	a dog is going to get a ball .
neut	a dog is trying to get to work .
cont	the cat is flying .
cont	a dog is taking a bath
enta	there is plants
neut	the dog is going to pick a garden .
neut	the puppy is going to go towards the garden .
cont	a dog lies in the middle of a forest .
cont	a dog and the sleep are standing under a stone cliff .
cont	the dog is running past a building .
cont	a dog sees his paw in the woods .
enta	a dog was being used by a structure .
enta	a dog is looking at some tree .
enta	an dog looks at the human on a staircase .
a man in a tan shirt is standing at the kitchen counter looking at food .
neut	a man prepares food for his family
neut	a man in a tan shirt is looking at food for breakfast .
cont	a man is looking at the window .
cont	a man is sitting at the table
enta	the man is standing at the kitchen counter .
enta	a man looking at food .
neut	a man is old
neut	the man is ready for work .
cont	a man is frowning as he plays .
cont	a woman is standing in the sand , dead .
enta	there is a counter
enta	the man is near a kitchen .
neut	a man is trying to melt a chanel
cont	a man is paying dinner under a tree .
enta	a man is standing at work while wearing a shirt .
a little kid is jumping off a brick balcony .
neut	a kid is jumping off a balcony with a friend .
cont	the kid is playing with a dog .
cont	nobody is jumping .
cont	the kid is playing in the sand .
cont	a child is sitting on a balcony .
enta	a child is jumping off a balcony .
enta	a child is jumping off a balcony .
enta	a kid is jumping off a balcony .
enta	a kid is jumping .
neut	a child is showing off a brick wall .
neut	a little kid is practicing a new trick .
cont	the little kid is lying in bed .
cont	the child is sitting in the cold .
enta	the kid jumps on the balcony .
enta	a little kid and a kid jumping off the balcony .
enta	a child jumps on a balcony .
neut	a child in a brick room doing tricks on a balcony .
neut	a little kid is jumping and playing on a brick sidewalk .
neut	a little boy is performing yoga on the walls .
cont	a puppy is bikes bikes down a street .
cont	a man wearing a lamb costume prepares to jump into the hotel .
cont	the young child in the white shirt is playing scrabble .
enta	the child is jumping away while sitting .
a blond woman is holding 2 golf balls while reaching down into a golf hole .
neut	a woman is playing golf with her friends .
neut	the woman is in a red and black golf .
neut	the woman just got done done .
cont	a woman is sitting on a bench .
cont	the woman is playing volleyball on the beach
cont	a woman holding a cat in her kitchen
cont	a woman is playing volleyball on a beach .
enta	the woman is playing golf .
enta	the woman is playing golf .
enta	the woman is playing golf .
neut	a lady is about to take her golf golf .
neut	a woman with 3 shorts is carrying bowling balls for her friends .
cont	a woman is sitting at the park .
cont	the girl looks at the tennis ball .
cont	the women ca n't like bowling .
enta	a woman is holding bowling balls
neut	the woman is holding gifts and in the park .
neut	the woman is serving chinese golf with a hose .
cont	a red woman knows like candy on a golf course .
cont	a woman is walking across a grassy swing .
cont	the man is practicing for his own golf .
enta	a woman on the grass beach with balls .
enta	a woman with little blue animals is holding items .
a girl prepares herself for the swim meet .
neut	the girl is about to go swimming in the ocean
cont	the girl is sleeping in her bed .
cont	a man is holding a pool .
cont	the girl is sleeping on the floor .
cont	the girl is in a room .
enta	a girl is ready to go swimming .
enta	a girl is getting ready to go swimming .
enta	a girl is on the water .
neut	a girl prepares to jump for the jump .
neut	the girl is going through the pool
neut	the girl just fell off the water .
cont	a man is working on the water .
cont	the girl is underwater .
enta	a girl is standing in the water .
enta	a girl reaching her swim .
neut	the girl is trimming up while the swim fall .
neut	a girl talks to his dog in a swimming competition .
cont	a girl is running a rest by a parent .
cont	the girl will try a rest eating
cont	the girl is not getting hello by the other .
cont	the girl is bundled on the floor
enta	the girl is working at the venue .
enta	a girl is near the ocean .
enta	a girl who is going through the water .
the raiders complete the pass while the dolphin defense scrambles to catch him .
neut	the family was looking for a fish to be let to catch .
neut	they are looking for a dog .
cont	the people are playing volleyball on the beach .
cont	the people are sitting in a car
cont	the family was watching tv
enta	the people are playing together
enta	the people are outside
enta	people are outside .
neut	a football player is getting ready for the show .
neut	a guard is chasing the ball out of the lake .
neut	a boy is about to feed his time out from the park .
cont	the players are playing football .
cont	a train is going to the park .
enta	the football game is being played .
neut	a bird is about to feed a giants boy .
neut	the large , creatures fireman had out the body of wolves .
cont	a sparsely dog stretches along the farm .
cont	a group of bikers are skiing down the mountainside .
cont	a stuffed is tanning on the rink .
enta	a war security is using a transformer liquid ball .
a woman in a red hat waiting in line .
neut	the woman is waiting for her husband to arrive .
neut	a woman waits for her husband
neut	a woman in a red hat is waiting for her friend
cont	a woman is sitting on a couch .
cont	the woman is in the middle of the middle of the ocean .
enta	a woman inside .
enta	the woman is waiting in line .
enta	a woman is in line .
enta	a woman in a red hat is waiting in line
neut	the woman wearing a red hat is waiting for the bus .
neut	a woman is spending time with her friends
neut	the woman in a red hat waiting for her friend
cont	the man is in a blue hat .
cont	a woman is dancing
cont	a man is waiting to get to work
enta	there are multiple people present .
enta	there is a girl who is waiting .
enta	a woman is the line of the line
neut	a woman is waiting for her shoes to put out of the lines .
neut	a woman like her arms , wearing a yellow hat .
neut	a girl is trying to get into a casino .
neut	a woman looks at the orange to something .
cont	a woman is having a drink by the bank .
cont	a woman sits in the front of a street .
enta	the woman is outside with a yellow hat .
enta	a woman is around being walked
the brown and white dog is playing in the snow .
neut	the dog is playing with a toy
cont	the cat is playing .
enta	a dog plays outside .
enta	a dog is outside
enta	the dog is playing outside
neut	the brown dog is catching a frisbee in the snow .
cont	the dog sleeps on the sofa
cont	the white dog is sleeping in the snow .
enta	an animal is near the snow .
enta	there are two brown animals .
neut	2 dog in green to play fetch while in the snow .
cont	the small dog is eating breakfast in the cold .
cont	a minivan plays with the bay on the snow
enta	a dog is playing with a white animal .
a woman in black pants is looking at her cellphone .
neut	a woman reads her phone while she waits for her phone
cont	the woman is wearing a blue shirt
cont	the woman is wearing a dress .
enta	a woman is looking at her phone .
enta	a woman in black pants .
enta	a woman is looking at her cellphone
neut	a woman is watching her husband look at her cellphone .
cont	the woman is asleep in her bed .
enta	a woman is getting an attention her phone .
enta	a woman is thinking about her cellphone
neut	a women is on an show day
neut	a woman is going to buy her cellphone .
neut	the woman is looking at her phone for the photo .
cont	a women is making herself out of the distance .
cont	woman walking beside his baby truck
enta	a woman with dark pants is looking at her cellphone .
a group of children walking on a trail .
neut	a group of children are walking to the park to get to the store .
neut	the kids are walking to the store .
cont	the kids are on the couch .
cont	some children are sitting in a cafe .
enta	a group of children walking outside .
enta	the children are walking .
enta	children walk on a trail .
neut	the kids are performing for the crowd .
neut	a boy and his mother are walking toward a mountain .
neut	the family walking down the trail .
cont	a single jungle is playing with a ball .
cont	the group of kids were sleeping .
cont	a boy and his friends are running .
cont	a group of children are indoors .
enta	the kids walks on a trail .
enta	a group of young people walking on a trail .
enta	some humans walking
enta	a group of children are walking on a trail .
neut	a group of children passes a leisurely trail in the mountains .
neut	some children are going to snow
cont	a person is sitting on the side of a mountain .
cont	a full group of kids are enjoying a sand market .
cont	there are several children sitting on the trail .
cont	a group of kids stand on the sidewalk with their heads .
enta	three children are walking down a trail .
enta	a group of people walking on a trail .
three oklahoma sooners playing football against another team , one of the sooners with the ball in their possession .
neut	the teams are playing football in the park .
neut	the football game is about to start .
cont	the quarterback are playing baseball .
cont	a football game is in the middle of the ocean .
enta	the football players are playing football .
enta	the football players are playing football
enta	men playing football
enta	football players are playing football
neut	three men getting ready to throw a football .
neut	the football players are skilled at their team .
neut	the football players are racing .
cont	the men are making balloons .
cont	they play hockey in the pool .
enta	the men are kicking .
enta	the football game is in progress .
enta	two football players on a football field .
neut	the business runners are wearing costumes and a green game .
cont	three canadians are eating a penalty games .
enta	three summer sides of six and ball runners .
enta	the rival from the league league player are playing football .
two orthodox jews , one male , one female , are shown in traditional dress in a sidewalk scene .
neut	the people are waiting for the bus
neut	the people are waiting to go .
cont	the man is at the bar
cont	two people are waiting for a bus
enta	there is a man and a woman in clothes .
enta	a male and a female are on a sidewalk next to each other .
enta	two people outside
neut	two chinese people stand outside a party .
neut	two men are getting married .
neut	the two men are using the jewelry .
neut	a couple of chinese shopping in a sunny day
cont	the male are standing in a field .
cont	the women have lunch .
cont	the two men have no piercings .
enta	there are two males and two females
enta	two people have different dresses .
neut	the trio is about to go how to assist their van .
cont	two guys are seen on the line at a city .
cont	the women are working on the market
cont	two brothers and women were sleeping in the a sidewalk .
enta	a group of people are waiting for someone in front of a building .
enta	there are two males and one old in proper clothes .
three people are kayaking in dark waters .
neut	people are kayaking on a river in the water .
neut	three people are at a beach in the rain .
cont	three people go fishing in a desert .
cont	three people are sitting on a couch .
enta	there are people in the water .
enta	there are people in the water
enta	people kayaking
enta	three people are kayaking
neut	some three people are fishing for fun .
cont	three people jump to get to the beach .
cont	three people are playing .
cont	there are several people sitting on the water .
enta	there are three people in water .
enta	three people in a ocean .
neut	two people are outside hiking in the ocean .
neut	three people are going sledding during the winter .
cont	a large man is swimming on a lake .
cont	three people are fighting in a rapid .
cont	two people are going to go near a desert .
enta	several people are near the boat .
enta	a group of people embrace from the boat .
guy in a dark suit , with a cigarette in his right hand while talking on the phone .
neut	a guy is talking to a friend .
neut	a guy is talking to his wife .
cont	girl in a suit
cont	a guy in a black suit is talking on the phone .
enta	the guy is talking on the phone .
enta	there is a man in a suit with a cigarette .
neut	the man in the suit is talking to the other friend .
neut	the man may talk his friend 's wedding .
neut	the man is posing for a photo .
cont	a man is running on the beach with his friends .
cont	i is a woman
enta	the guy on the phone is talking to the person .
enta	the guy on the phone
enta	a man in clothing speaks into his phone .
neut	a guy takes his trip to each other at night .
cont	the man is playing tag by a person .
cont	a man is hanging on a tree and he break
enta	the customer is next to his stand .
a couple sit on a park bench with purple balloons tied to it .
neut	the couple are waiting for the bus to arrive .
cont	the couple is walking in the park
enta	there are people sitting on a bench with blue balloons .
enta	two people sit .
enta	the couple are sitting on a bench .
enta	a couple is sitting together .
neut	they are sitting quietly at the park .
cont	a couple is swimming at the beach .
cont	the couple is playing a game of tennis at the park .
cont	the couple is swimming in a pool .
enta	these people are at the park .
enta	the couple sitting in the park bench is sitting on a bench .
neut	the couple was cleaning out their umbrellas .
cont	the two people are sitting out of their red balloons .
enta	a couple is sitting on a bench with them .
man in a black suit , white shirt and black bowtie playing an instrument with the rest of his symphony surrounding him .
neut	a man is playing an instrument for a crowd .
neut	a man plays an instrument in a band .
cont	a man plays the guitar .
cont	the man is playing a guitar
cont	the man is playing a guitar .
cont	the man is playing the guitar in the park .
enta	the man is playing music .
enta	a man is playing music .
enta	a person on a group .
enta	a man is playing an instrument .
neut	a man is playing for a crowd in a packed crowd .
neut	a man is almost preparing for a concert .
cont	the man is eating at a bar
cont	old man is sitting on his couch eating lunch .
cont	the man is naked
enta	a man is outside with a musical instrument .
neut	a man plays the cello at a concert .
neut	a man is playing a violin trying to make him .
neut	a man is playing a violin with his songs .
cont	a man is playing a red mat .
cont	a man is jumping to a girl
cont	a man and his horn in a park where others are wearing green .
enta	a man is playing an instrument .
enta	a man is playing a music instrument .
a group of people in white sports outfits are gathered together while one of them performs a dance .
neut	the people are all men .
cont	people are watching a movie
cont	the group of people are at the beach .
enta	people are near each other .
enta	some people are watching a dance dance .
enta	the people are performing a dance .
neut	the group enjoy their dancing in front of their parents .
cont	a group of friends are having a beer fight .
cont	a family is sitting on the couch watching the dance in the park .
cont	a bunch of people in a white friends room on their couch .
enta	a bunch of people are wearing white shirts and dance .
neut	the people are outdoors for a big sport .
neut	the people gave their jump during a play
cont	a group of four people wearing green blouses do a recital .
cont	the group is on a dark brightly wig .
enta	a group of people is near a performance colors .
enta	a group of people are using contact to dancing tricks .
four girls are dancing in matching outfits at a street festival .
neut	the girls are dressed up for halloween .
neut	four girls are dancing in a parade for a crowd .
cont	the girls are at the bar .
cont	four girls are swimming in the ocean .
cont	four girls are playing in a park .
cont	the girls are sitting in a chair .
enta	a group of girls are dancing in the street festival
enta	four girls are outside .
enta	some girls are dancing .
enta	there are girls dancing .
neut	four sisters are doing a dance routine for the big crowd .
cont	the girls eats a steak .
cont	four girls sit at a festival .
cont	girls enjoying a picnic on the beach .
enta	the girls are performing together .
enta	four girls dance and dancing .
neut	three little girls prepare to hide at a festival .
cont	the girls are running down the street .
cont	a girl plays hopscotch in a field .
enta	five girls dancing on a city street festival .
enta	a group of girls in a dance outfits .
enta	there are girls band in a parade .
a man skateboarding at a skateboarding park which is covered in graffiti .
neut	a man is skateboarding in a race
neut	a man is skateboarding in a race
cont	the man is in the middle of the ocean .
cont	the man is riding a bike
cont	a man is skateboarding at a bmx park .
enta	a man is skateboarding outside
enta	a man rides his skateboard in the city
enta	a man is skateboarding outside .
enta	a man is skateboarding outside .
neut	the skateboarder is happy .
neut	a man is skateboarding for a crowd
cont	a construction man is knitting a boat at the park .
cont	a man riding a bike on the street in the park .
cont	the man is sitting at his desk .
enta	man riding a skateboard outside a park
neut	a man is filming a trick on the skateboard .
cont	the man is riding the bike down the highway .
cont	a shirtless man hits a cricket in the middle of a park .
cont	the man is hiding in the city but he does n't have any ropes .
enta	a guy is skateboarding together on a park park .
a young man shielding himself from a stream of water from a fire engine by using an umbrella .
neut	the man is a farmer
cont	a young man is sleeping on the water .
cont	a man sits on a bench .
cont	a young man is playing with a dog .
enta	a man is near a body of water .
enta	a young man is outside
enta	a man is in a large water of water .
neut	a man about to start his first time in a water .
neut	the man is preparing to go swimming .
cont	a young girl is sitting in the water
cont	a young man is tying the small of a fire truck .
cont	the man is drinking a beer
cont	a young man is washing his car .
enta	the man stood in water
enta	the man is pushing a lot of water .
neut	a young man is made a umbrella book .
neut	a man is trying to attack a man
neut	a teenager is going to a giant ditch .
neut	a young man is working on fire with his blood .
cont	a man is weighing a beast of fire .
cont	it is n't day with a large spaceship .
enta	a young man putting on an umbrella .
two brown and white dogs , one jumping over a log while the one behind runs through the grass .
neut	the dogs are in the park .
neut	the dogs are playing in the park .
neut	they are playing with a ball
cont	the dogs are on a bed .
enta	some dogs are jumping .
enta	the dogs are outside
enta	two dogs jumping over a log .
neut	two dogs are chasing a squirrel .
cont	the two cats on the grass
enta	the dogs run towards the log .
enta	two dogs on a log .
enta	three dogs are outdoors .
neut	the dogs are white chasing with each other .
neut	they are wrestling in their way to climb through the grass .
cont	two kittens are doing each other in a game .
enta	there are two dogs running past a log .
two small children are gathering water from a large container .
neut	the children are at the beach .
cont	two kids are playing with a ball
cont	the kids are sleeping
cont	two children are playing in the sand .
cont	two children are playing with a ball in the water .
enta	children are at a large container .
enta	the two children are in water .
enta	children are at a large small container .
enta	children are at a large container .
neut	it is the children 's favorite color .
neut	an asian couple is watching water at a birthday party .
neut	the children are not happy .
neut	the children are looking in a fountain .
cont	the two children were in a car
cont	three small children are carving in a bowl .
cont	two boys and two women are playing video games .
enta	some two children are watching water .
enta	two children are working in the water .
neut	the kids are standing discussing the water to their .
cont	the toys are very empty by a small couple .
cont	the children are juggling the dead on a small plate .
cont	the children are asleep in the small raft .
enta	two children are outside .
brown dogs are running down a trail
neut	the dogs are chasing a rabbit .
neut	dogs running down a trail to get a ball .
neut	the dogs are running after a ball .
cont	the dogs are in a forest .
enta	dogs running down a trail
enta	dogs running down the trail .
enta	the dogs are running down a trail .
neut	dogs fight over a leash .
cont	a black and black dog is fetching a stick out of the yard .
cont	the dogs are sitting on the ground at the park .
cont	the dogs are sleeping on their back .
enta	some animals run down a trail .
neut	some dogs are chasing a place to play with other animal .
neut	a bunch of dogs are running to a toy .
cont	the dogs are eating baby .
cont	dogs are running across a track
cont	they are sitting on the beach beach .
enta	a whole dog is running through the trail .
enta	a group dog playing outside .
enta	a dog is running down a trail .
a dressed up woman walking next to a store at night .
neut	the woman is going to the store
neut	the woman is walking to the store to open .
neut	the woman is walking to the store
cont	a woman is sitting on a bench .
enta	the woman is outside .
enta	the woman is walking next to a store .
enta	the woman is walking next to a store .
neut	a female with long woman is waiting for her friend .
neut	the woman in the dress is walking to a restaurant .
neut	a blond female child walking
cont	a female works on a sunny day in the park .
cont	a woman is dressed as cinderella at the park .
enta	a person walking on the sidewalk
neut	the woman is hanging as daughter on top of her shop .
neut	a woman chats her husband as this day
neut	a woman walks still after an order
cont	a woman sitting on the child and she is wearing matching .
cont	a woman is resting on the store .
enta	a woman in a pair with her are walking together .
enta	there are several woman walking with a store .
a man walking into a shadow , holding a sign .
neut	a man is walking into a park .
neut	a man holding a sign in a park
cont	the man is sitting on a couch .
cont	a man is sleeping in his bed .
cont	a man walks into a tower
enta	the man is holding a sign .
neut	a sad man is walking through a picture .
neut	a man is getting his job to buy .
cont	a woman is taking a nap .
cont	a female walks into the park .
cont	a man is taking pictures of the moon .
cont	someone enjoying a bike race .
enta	the man is strolling through the background .
enta	the man is walking through a picture
enta	a man has his hands outside a colorful sign .
neut	a man is walking past a community .
neut	a man is carrying a sign and tie from a line .
cont	a man is swimming in a desert .
enta	a man is walking around with a sign .
enta	a man on a sign is being pulled by a sign .
two doctors perform surgery on patient .
neut	the doctors are doctors for a hospital .
neut	two doctors are doing a performance for a competition .
neut	a doctor is doing a surgeon 's surgery .
cont	a man helps a hospital of a surgery .
cont	doctors are eating lunch
cont	two doctors are eating lunch at the restaurant .
enta	doctors are doing a patient .
neut	someone is working hard .
neut	a team is training for an surgery .
neut	two doctors in nurses are on vacation .
cont	the doctors performing on the stage
cont	the doctors work in a lab
enta	three doctors look at something to others .
enta	doctors look on
enta	two doctors in a doctors .
neut	the spectators are at the board arena .
neut	friends are at the public exhibit .
cont	two supporters are working on the science mat
enta	two people are competing in the physical room .
a snowboarder in a white coat in the air after a jump .
neut	the snowboarder is competing in a competition for a competition .
neut	a man is snowboarding for a competition .
cont	a snowboarder in a wetsuit .
cont	a man is riding a bike
enta	a person is in the air .
enta	a snowboarder is outside .
enta	a snowboarder in a white coat is in the air .
neut	a skateboarder is performing for the crowd .
cont	the snowboarder and the women play tennis .
cont	a person skateboards on a beach .
cont	there is a women outdoors
enta	a person is doing a trick in the air .
neut	a snowboarder gets mad in the air
cont	a nude man is running into a jump .
cont	a snowboarder falls off a biker .
cont	the jacket is swimming in the distance .
enta	a snowboarder does a jump in the snow .
a man in a blue jacket riding a bike
neut	a man rides a bike to work
cont	a man is sitting on a couch .
cont	the man is sitting on a couch .
enta	a man is wearing a blue jacket
enta	a man is riding a bike
enta	a person on a bike .
neut	a man is riding his bike through the park
neut	a man is riding his bike to work .
cont	the man is not wearing a jacket
enta	a man with on on a bike .
enta	a man is riding his bike .
enta	a person is riding his bike .
neut	a man is riding a bike to catch a bike .
neut	a man jumping through the doorway with a race .
cont	the lone is walking down the ski slope .
enta	a man is riding a bike .
a large crowd gathered in front of mcdonald 's .
neut	a large group of people are waiting to be filmed .
neut	a large crowd is waiting for a friend .
cont	a large crowd of people are sitting in front of a store .
cont	the people are sitting in a chair
enta	a group of people are gathered outside .
enta	there is a large crowd of people .
enta	the crowd is gathered outside .
neut	the mail group is part of the wedding .
cont	nobody is enjoying
enta	a group of people are doing something .
neut	several people are in front of tickets to start
neut	a family are waiting for a upcoming to start .
cont	a photo is a man sits on the beach .
cont	two people are standing on the stage , collecting .
enta	the crowd with sun are standing in front of a large crowd .
enta	the group has been displaying food .
a dog licks his nose .
neut	a dog shaking his nose while his owner watches .
neut	the dog is playing in the park .
neut	a dog is playing in the park .
cont	a dog is chasing a cat
cont	a dog is sleeping .
cont	the dog is chasing a cat .
cont	a dog is sleeping .
enta	a dog is playing with his nose
enta	a dog shaking his nose .
enta	a dog is playing with a nose
neut	a dog is getting his cold cold breath
neut	a big dog plays with his nose on his nose .
cont	dog sleeps with his mother
cont	a dog is doing tricks on a bed .
enta	a dog is using a saw legs .
enta	a dog plays with his mouth open .
neut	a dog is chewing his arm in front of a small .
neut	a dog is looking at the direction on a puppy .
neut	a dog has chasing a duck that is lame up .
neut	a dog runs up to a toy .
cont	the dog is not fighting its to wear .
cont	a dog is feeding a tree .
enta	the dog has hands in the toy .
enta	an animal is interacting with his nose .
a young man attempts to pole vault over a bar , barely inches away from it mid flight .
neut	a man is trying to fix a bar
cont	the man is sitting on a couch .
cont	nobody has a pole over a bar .
cont	a group of people are watching a movie .
cont	a young man is driving a car
enta	the man has a bar .
enta	a man gets ready to go .
neut	a man is getting ready to swim in the air .
neut	the figure fell off the bar after a date .
neut	a rock helmet competes for a competition .
cont	someone is skateboarding in a snow air .
cont	a young man is driving to the top of a bar
cont	a young man crashes at the beach in the sky .
cont	a man is standing on the beach with his family .
enta	the man is pulling over a bar .
neut	young man watches as a try to jump into the distance .
neut	a man on the bar , pulled out of the flood .
cont	the man is n't having a cook
enta	a young man is seen for any wind of a bar .
enta	a man jumps out a bar
a dog running on grass
neut	the dog runs to catch a ball .
neut	a dog is playing fetch with a stick .
neut	a dog is playing fetch .
neut	the dog has a leash .
cont	a dog sits on the couch
cont	the dog is running on the beach .
enta	the dog is outside .
enta	a dog is outdoors .
enta	the dog is running outside .
enta	a dog running .
neut	a small dog runs to catch a stick on the grass .
neut	the dog jumps for the ball .
neut	the dog is running for its owner .
cont	a dog is taking a bath .
cont	a cat is chasing the ball .
cont	the cat is running
enta	a dog is on the grass .
enta	a dog and a dog are outside .
enta	the dog is running outside .
enta	a dog running through grass
neut	the dog is playing with a toy .
neut	a dog is running to catch a bone .
neut	a dog is running with the owner on the lawn .
cont	the boy is running around the store .
cont	a dog with his cat are running down a grassy hill .
cont	a dog is feeding in a treat .
enta	the dog is outdoor on field .
enta	a dog runs in the grass .
person doing a trick on a skateboard in a skate park while people watch .
neut	the person is riding his skateboard in a competition .
neut	the people are watching a game .
cont	the person is riding a bike in the park .
cont	a person is sleeping
cont	a person is riding a bike
enta	someone does a trick on a skateboard .
enta	there is a person in a skate park
enta	a person is riding a skateboard
enta	a person is doing a trick on a skateboard
neut	a skateboarder is preparing for a skateboard competition
neut	the skater did a trick on the skateboard .
cont	the person is inside of a church .
cont	the man is sleeping on the couch .
cont	no one is standing up to watch a movie .
enta	the person is performing a trick .
enta	someone is on the skateboard
enta	the skateboarding is riding a skateboard .
neut	the person is on a very park park .
neut	a person tries for a trick 's face on .
neut	the water style is full of karate tricks .
cont	the lone driver is practicing 's serious solo .
cont	a person is eating lunch with a man .
enta	a photo of people are going to skate .
a black dog is coming out of the ocean water on the beach with something in its mouth .
neut	dog chases to the ocean to catch a ball .
cont	a dog is sleeping on the beach .
enta	a dog is looking out of the ocean water
enta	a dog is looking out of the ocean .
enta	a dog is outside .
neut	a dog is chasing a ball on the beach .
neut	the black dog is carrying an orange to get to the water .
cont	a black dog is riding in a black cat .
cont	a white dog is carrying a stick on the beach
enta	animals in the water .
enta	a black dog is on the beach .
neut	the dog is being filmed next to the beach .
neut	a dog out in the water because he is being fun .
cont	a chihuahua is running down the street water .
enta	a dog on the beach with a puddle .
a dog with big ears holds a ball in his mouth .
neut	the dog is playing fetch
neut	a dog is playing fetch with his owner .
cont	a dog is sleeping .
cont	a cat with a ball in his mouth .
cont	the dog is chasing a ball in the mouth .
enta	the dog has a ball in its mouth .
enta	a dog with a ball in its mouth .
enta	there is a dog with a ball in its mouth .
neut	a dog is playing catch with a ball in his mouth while she has a
neut	an animal is returning his dog for a tournament .
cont	a dog is watching a cat on the floor .
cont	the dog is getting a haircut .
cont	a cat looks at the ball
enta	a dog catches a ball
enta	a dog with a ball is thrown a ball
enta	a dog chews a ball with a ball .
enta	a dog wearing a ball is playing a ball
neut	the dog is wearing a red beanie .
neut	a dog is carrying a ball the brown dog .
cont	the what pet and the cats are sleeping .
cont	a dog head at the rabbit in a crowded body .
enta	a dog is outside , while another pet .
enta	a dog is outdoors with his mouth .
people dressed in costumes walking down a street .
neut	there are people walking to the store .
cont	everyone is wearing a dress .
enta	people walk down a street .
enta	a group is walking down the street .
enta	there are people in the street .
enta	there are people walking .
neut	people dressed up having fun in the city .
neut	two people are walking to work
neut	people are shopping for a friends
cont	couple alone in church .
cont	people relaxing in the pool .
cont	there are people dancing in a bedroom .
enta	there are people in costumes .
enta	there are people dressed .
neut	a group of people are going to a concert .
neut	all people walking down the street in a store .
cont	some people in formal a yo-yo art gather .
cont	people sit at a cafe .
cont	no one is looking at the palace .
enta	people dressed in costume are walking down a street .
a man waving at the camera holding a stick with a pile of wood .
neut	a man is holding a large stick to his girlfriend .
cont	a man is holding a tree .
enta	a man holding a stick is holding a stick
enta	the man has a stick on his hand .
enta	a man is holding a stick .
neut	a man is carving a piece of wood and is taking a break .
neut	a man is getting his head painted for a large life .
cont	the man is standing by the fire watching the stars .
cont	the man was made with his dog .
enta	humans are near wood .
enta	a man has a stick in his hands .
neut	a man is filming another man how to give a shower .
cont	a person has a broom bean by the fire .
cont	there is a guy in front of a metal hose .
cont	the man is sitting on a beach diving
enta	a man is standing at the camera wearing a fancy .
enta	the man in his hand has a stick .
elegantly dressed in black , a man and woman embrace in dance .
neut	the people are happy
cont	the people are sitting in a chair and wearing a green dress .
cont	the man and woman are sitting in a chair and sleeping in the park .
cont	a couple are watching a movie together .
enta	the man and woman are having a conversation .
enta	a man and a woman are dancing
enta	the man is wearing a black shirt .
enta	the people are dancing
neut	a mother and child are in the dancing .
neut	the man in black and the woman is holding a dance band
neut	a man and woman are posing for a picture
cont	a man and woman are naked together .
cont	the man and women are arguing in their graduation .
cont	a magician is watching a movie .
cont	a man is devouring the woman 's head of the church .
enta	couple dancing in a dancing .
enta	a couple dances in a dance .
neut	a man and woman are at a wedding for ceremony .
cont	the men are taking nap on a picnic .
cont	a man is entertaining a woman as no background .
enta	two people out of a hug
enta	three people and the man are dressed in black .
a large group of people standing behind a podium on the stairs of a congress building .
neut	a group of people are standing behind a podium in a big birthday 's .
neut	the people are waiting for a concert .
neut	a group of people are waiting for the store to open .
neut	the people are waiting on a steps .
cont	some people are sitting on the ground .
cont	people are sitting on a couch .
enta	people standing
enta	there are people standing near a home .
enta	people standing near a home .
enta	a group of people are standing outside .
neut	it 's raining outside .
neut	a large group of people watching a wedding .
neut	several people are waiting for the concert .
cont	there are no people watching .
cont	a big group of people sit at home and are sitting on the stairs .
cont	the people are in a pool .
enta	people working in a building .
enta	a group of people stand on stairs .
neut	people are standing in a building trying to go down the stairs .
neut	some men are watching basketball on the stairs .
cont	no crowd of people are planning a curb .
cont	a bunch of people are standing on the floor looking for blood .
cont	a group of people are sitting on the stairs talking .
enta	two people are standing near a structure as they walk by .
enta	there were people hold the end of a building .
enta	the people are standing by the buildings next to a building .
people go about their daily routines - selling food , cutting hair - on the ghetto streets of ho chi minh city , vietnam .
neut	the people are all for a party .
cont	people are eating .
cont	the people are eating at a chinese stand of women
cont	the people are eating at the cafe 's .
enta	there are people in a parade
enta	some people are working hard .
enta	a group of people are selling food .
neut	people are going to lunch
neut	the man is hungry people
cont	the people are in a restaurant .
cont	the people are walking up the street with their hands in the country .
enta	a city streets with several people in it are talking .
enta	a city fair is being held
enta	a street workers pass up the people .
neut	a person smokes as a civilian for the protest .
cont	two carried men are cycles before their chat .
cont	this vendors are seated and sleeping in the american . .
cont	the construction workers are standing in the middle streets .
enta	the technology vendor was played with things of food .
a woman with a red scarf is juggling oranges .
neut	the woman is juggling some fruit at the wedding .
cont	a woman is playing with her dog .
cont	a woman is sleeping on the couch .
cont	a woman is sleeping .
enta	a woman has a scarf .
enta	the woman is juggling
neut	a woman is practicing her new circus .
neut	a female is juggling fruits to the people .
cont	the woman is wearing a bikini .
cont	a woman is carrying her child at home .
cont	a female lady is juggling dogs .
enta	person dancing .
enta	a woman dressed up .
neut	a woman is getting a very toy money .
cont	the woman eats a pair of vegetables .
cont	a woman is loading a taco before .
enta	a person is having a fun time .
enta	a woman is juggling items in a red striped shirt .
people riding on a tour bus in a parade wave to the bystanders .
neut	the people are racing in the street .
cont	the people are sitting in the bus stop .
enta	the people are on a bus
enta	people riding the bus .
enta	people riding the bus .
neut	the people ran a bus to work .
cont	the women walk along the beach .
cont	the men stop to get to the parade on the street .
enta	people riding bus together
enta	there are multiple people present .
neut	the people are going to their balance handstand .
cont	group of people are riding a bike during the day .
enta	people on the bus towards a subway .
a soccer ball is above the head of a man wearing black shorts and red and black striped shirt .
neut	the people are playing soccer for the championship game .
cont	the men are wearing blue shorts .
enta	the soccer player is wearing a black and black striped shirt .
enta	a soccer player is wearing black shorts .
enta	the man is wearing black .
enta	there is a man and a man wearing black shorts .
neut	a tall person is wearing black shorts .
cont	a dog plays basketball around for her friends
cont	a girl in black shorts and red shorts is a green and black shorts .
cont	the person is at home .
enta	a ball being down on a soccer ball and a man is wearing black shorts
enta	a human posing for a soccer ball .
neut	the coach is chasing a ball and roll of tail .
neut	a shirtless man is about to tag a soccer ball .
cont	a person is throwing the other man wearing a green striped shirt .
cont	a dog threw a volleyball in the middle of a soccer match .
cont	a cyclist wearing black outfit rides a golf game .
cont	a guy is sitting on the park bench
enta	a man stands on his faces and looks on .
man sitting down in a asian custom and styled room .
neut	a man is waiting for his friend .
cont	a man is sitting on a bench in a restaurant .
cont	a man is sitting on a couch .
cont	the man is waiting on a bus .
cont	a man is sitting in a chair at the beach .
enta	man sitting in a room
enta	a man is indoors .
neut	someone is the best wife .
neut	man trying to get out of the room
neut	a man having a conversation at his job .
cont	the woman sits at the beach .
cont	the man is naked in a pool .
enta	a man looks down by a four wheeler .
neut	a man is having coffee while working the work .
cont	a man in his house pulling on a sunny day .
cont	the man is driving to the store .
enta	the man is sitting beside on the glass .
the lady in the red jacket is helping the other lady decide what to buy .
neut	the woman is a farmer
cont	the lady is not selling food .
cont	a woman cooks a cake .
enta	a woman is helping something to help .
enta	the lady is near a woman .
enta	a woman is wearing a red jacket
enta	the lady is wearing a red jacket .
neut	lady is preparing to play with the lady .
cont	the women is looking at the ocean .
cont	a lady is trying to make a man 's face .
cont	the ladies is sleeping .
enta	the lady is holding something .
enta	two people are presenting .
neut	the woman is trying to make a pie .
cont	a woman is telling her dog to a man .
cont	a lady is dancing with her husband 's head .
cont	a woman is meeting with her dog .
enta	a lady is trying to get a conversation .
an older man with large patches on his jeans looks on as a young man swings an axe downward toward a tree stump .
neut	the man is trying to get his first father 's arms .
neut	a man is trying to make a tree stump .
neut	two older men are playing with a tree in a park
cont	the older man is playing the guitar .
cont	the older man is playing the guitar on the playground .
cont	a man is playing the guitar
enta	the older man is looking at a tree .
enta	the man is a few man
enta	a man is wearing a little man on his clothes .
neut	an elderly man is performing a song for a young man .
cont	an old man is riding a roller coaster .
cont	the two dogs were on the ground
cont	the man is not wearing a shirt .
cont	a young man relaxes on the beach .
enta	a guy is on a stump back .
neut	the clothes are about to use the man
neut	a man is trying to fix his man
cont	the man is riding a father flying down the sidewalk .
cont	the man is trying to turn a man laying .
enta	a man works on a ball , .
a city street with people in front of a mountain back drop .
neut	people are waiting for the bus to arrive .
cont	people are watching a movie
cont	the people are walking in the rain .
enta	a city street with people in front of a mountain .
enta	the people are on a street
enta	people are on a street .
enta	there is a group of people in front of a mountain .
neut	a group of people walking around a camping trip .
neut	the city and people protest on their way home
cont	a crowd is taking pictures of the ocean .
cont	the group of people are watching tv .
cont	a city street is empty with people .
enta	there is a mountain path in the city .
enta	a group of people and people are going to a location .
enta	there are people around a mountain .
neut	a kid are going to night in the sun .
neut	a driver is getting ready for the mountains .
neut	a street in red hits a street with few people .
neut	the cars are being an women comes by a mountain .
cont	a group of people are sitting in a starbucks and collecting items .
enta	a street of people is above the mountain .
enta	a street stares is being driven a mountain .
two little asian kids are dressed warmly in colorful jackets while standing on the playground .
neut	the kids are dressed up for the wedding .
neut	two kids are dressed up for a concert .
cont	two asian kids are sitting on a couch .
cont	two asian kids are playing with a ball in the park .
cont	two asian kids are playing soccer
enta	there are kids in the playground .
enta	two asian kids standing on a playground .
enta	the kids are wearing colorful clothing .
neut	little friends are waiting for their friends .
neut	two small children have a wedding
cont	two children are playing in the mud .
enta	children standing on a playground .
enta	some children in a costume are talking .
neut	two kids have dressed up for the cultural presentation .
neut	the honor is about to get a good place .
cont	two children stand down on the couch with a hard color .
cont	two families were holding up in the class .
enta	two young people are posing in front of the city .
a man with a large power drill standing next to his daughter with a vacuum cleaner hose .
neut	the man is a farmer .
neut	the family has a screwdriver .
cont	the people are watching a movie .
cont	the man is sleeping in his bed .
cont	the man is using a metal hammer to his daughter .
enta	the man is standing next to a stove .
enta	a man with a large suitcase machine standing next to his daughter .
neut	the man and woman are working on their project .
neut	a man is being picked by his daughter 's are lost .
cont	a man watches his wife play on the beach .
cont	a man is sitting at his desk .
cont	the man is climbing a tree in his kitchen .
enta	a boy watches the woman .
neut	there are many older men , take a sponge when you how to be cut
neut	the man is standing near his hair for their mother .
neut	a piano family is assessing control up a bubble .
neut	the man is helping his mother to pick up .
cont	a woman with her prison are sitting in a small field .
cont	the man with the container was sets up .
cont	the couple is not spending with a laundry turtle .
enta	a man and woman are standing next to a water room .
a girl in a pink sundress rides a bike next to a white picket fence .
neut	a girl is riding a bike to the beach .
cont	the girl is in the kitchen .
enta	the girl has a bike .
enta	a girl is riding a bike .
enta	a girl is riding a bike .
enta	a girl is riding a bike .
neut	a girl is driving her parents to a ride .
neut	the girl is outside in the rain .
neut	a girl is about to ride his bike on a bike .
cont	a boy riding a bike
enta	girl is riding a bike near a fence .
enta	a girl in a pink umbrella rides her bike .
enta	the girl is outside .
enta	a woman is crossing the fence .
neut	the nature girl is at the birthday costume .
neut	a she is a professional bike pulled to pray .
neut	the baby is being surprised by his girlfriend to ride a bike .
cont	a girl is driving a red wagon
cont	a man crawling off of a small city fence .
enta	a stand of various older people are standing together .
a man with shoulder length dark hair sits near the rocks of a waterfront while holding a cigarette in his right hand .
neut	the man is holding a cigarette to his mother 's hand
cont	a man is sitting on a bench in the park .
cont	a man with long hair is sitting on a bench .
enta	a man is holding a cigarette while holding a cigarette .
enta	a male has a cigarette on his hand
enta	the man is sitting down .
enta	a man sits near a rocks .
neut	the man is old .
cont	a man is riding a skateboard .
cont	a man is inside his house .
cont	a man is standing in front of a large building about the view .
enta	a person is holding a cigarette .
neut	the man is interested in his own hands .
neut	a man is leaning against the mountains , over his favorite husband .
neut	a man is sitting outside with his son ,
neut	a man in a nice cap juggles with the bag of a waterfront .
cont	the man is swimming by the pool indoors .
cont	the man is lighting blue out of the sand .
cont	a man is putting a table on the ground with a bag .
enta	a man is being pushed by a rocks .
a man in a hat is riding a motorized skateboard .
neut	the skateboarding rider is a professional .
neut	a man is riding a skateboard in a competition .
neut	a man riding a skateboard to a crowd of people .
cont	a woman in a hat is riding a skateboard .
cont	a woman rides a bike down a street .
enta	a man is riding a skateboard .
enta	a man in a hat is riding a skateboard .
neut	a man riding a unicycle trying to get to his job for a riding race
cont	a man is yelling at his wife and a boy .
enta	a man is on a skateboard
enta	a man is riding his skateboard outside .
neut	a man is skating in a blue skateboard .
neut	a man is riding a bike surrounded by his friend .
cont	a man is stuck in his bike getting a picture .
cont	a man is riding a scooter together .
enta	a man in a hat riding a skateboard
enta	a man is riding down a moving wheel .
a young man in a white and pink striped shirt is riding in a horse and buggy down a paved road .
neut	the man is riding a horse in a race .
neut	a young man rides his horse to work .
neut	a man is riding his horse to the park
cont	a young man is riding his bike .
cont	a young man rides his bike down a road .
enta	a man is wearing a white and pink shirt .
enta	a young man rides a horse outside .
enta	man riding a horse .
enta	a man is riding a horse .
neut	man is riding his horse in the trail
cont	a man is asleep on his couch in the living room .
cont	the young man is sleeping in a bed .
cont	a young girl is riding a cow .
cont	a man is walking in the forest .
enta	the man is riding a horse .
enta	a man is getting wet .
neut	a young man celebrates a horse down the road in a wagon .
neut	the friends are tired and on the horse race .
cont	a man is riding a bicycle past the street .
cont	a man is on the beach looking at birds .
cont	the man is walking on a wagon .
enta	a man is riding his horses down the road .
enta	a man rides in the horse with a horse .
enta	a man is riding his horse
a bride adjust her husbands flower on his coat as she holds her own bouquet of flowers .
neut	the bride is wearing a pink dress and holding her wedding .
neut	a man and a woman are getting their picture taken for a wedding .
cont	a man and a woman are at a concert .
cont	the bride is eating the flowers .
cont	a couple is eating a hamburger .
cont	the couple are sleeping .
enta	the bride is holding flowers
enta	the bride and groom are holding flowers .
enta	the bride is getting her hair done .
neut	there are flowers in the garden .
neut	a woman is taking place for her wedding day .
cont	the bride is asleep
cont	a man carries his ice cream empty of ice cream .
cont	the two women are holding no equipment on their head .
enta	there is a group of people and roses .
enta	one woman is holding flowers .
neut	the wedding passes her groom who is trying to get their dress .
neut	a wedding guy is trying to sell some flowers .
cont	the bride and white lady are in front of a river .
cont	a person is laying on his home
enta	a family is looking at stand .
five women , wearing beautiful , colorful saris , in a circle , dancing with their hands raised and touching .
neut	the women are dressed up for the wedding .
cont	the women are wearing all black .
cont	five women are sitting on a couch .
enta	the women are dancing .
enta	some women are dancing together .
enta	the women are dancing with their hands .
enta	the women are wearing shirts .
neut	four women are holding their hands to get ready to take .
neut	a lady is going to perform at the olympics of the race .
neut	the news are getting ready to perform .
cont	four women are sitting on the bench .
cont	some people wearing pink are running away from the moon .
cont	the women are not performing
enta	a group of women are dancing .
enta	a group is holding hands and singing .
enta	some ladies are in a circle .
neut	the women are dancing for a dance band .
cont	three women are going to break a nap .
cont	the women are hugging to toe in the snow .
cont	four women sit in front of a crowd watching .
enta	some women are dancing in a circle .
enta	all girls are dancing dressed in traditional .
5 women sitting around a table doing some crafts .
neut	the women are selling pottery .
neut	women are doing a work break at a table .
cont	three women are sitting in a restaurant
enta	the women are sitting around a table .
enta	women are sitting around a table
enta	the women are sitting around a table .
enta	a group of women are sitting around a table in a bar .
neut	the sisters are talking to each other .
neut	the women are helping the people finish their .
neut	some women are talking outside while others watch
cont	some women are driving .
cont	four men are having a picnic .
enta	the women are on the table .
enta	the women were in the picture .
neut	a group of women are waiting for dinner to the old .
neut	the crowd are on a table , looking for pictures .
cont	the women are out on a bench .
cont	six men are sitting on a table table by the table .
cont	a large man is teaching a pictures of elephants .
cont	some women are eating cheese in a bar .
enta	there are several women sitting outside with good material .
a child is jumping off a platform into a pool .
neut	a child is playing with a ball in the pool .
cont	the child is in the swimming pool
cont	a child is sitting in a chair
enta	a child is jumping into the pool .
enta	the child is jumping .
enta	child is in a pool .
neut	a child throws a ball to his friends
neut	the child is a master .
cont	a kid is fishing .
cont	the boy is running around the pool with his family .
enta	the kid is jumping .
enta	there is a child and a pool .
neut	a child builds a platform to get down the pool .
cont	a boy carries a car in the water .
cont	a child eats up on a pool .
enta	a child is jumping with a platform
enta	a child is jumping into a pool .
a surfer is riding the waves whilst another surfer sits on his board waiting .
neut	a surfer is doing a trick for a competition .
cont	a cat is on a surfboard .
enta	the surfer is surfing with a surfboard .
enta	a man is surfing in the ocean .
enta	the surfer is in the water
neut	a boy is riding his skateboard during the competition .
neut	the surfer was very cold .
neut	a man is participating in a surf competition .
cont	the man is working at the library .
cont	a surfer with no hair is swimming in the ocean .
cont	the woman is wearing a pink shirt .
enta	a man is working on the ocean
enta	there are surfers in the water .
enta	a surfer works on the waves
neut	a surfer is leading others practicing for a irritating .
neut	the man is riding a red fisherman .
cont	the mother is helping deep a tree .
cont	a surfer dances the blue on the bicycle .
cont	a surfer is riding a bicycle in the park .
enta	a surfer is riding a wave near the water .
enta	a person is on a wave , surfing .
a group of men riding bicycles in a line .
neut	the group of men are riding bikes in a race .
cont	the men are in the middle of the ocean .
cont	the group of men are sitting in the grass .
cont	the men are sitting .
enta	the men are riding bikes .
enta	there are men in a line .
enta	a group of men are riding bikes .
neut	the men enjoy winter in the street .
neut	a group of men ride bikes at a park .
cont	a bunch of people running in a marathon in a park .
cont	three men sit on the beach .
enta	the group of men with bikes were riding their bikes .
neut	the men are having a better travel
neut	the men are both getting angry to each other .
neut	many a group of men ride train on their bikes .
cont	the harley-davidson in france are driving along the trail .
enta	a group of men are riding bike outside .
a baseball player sliding into home as the opposing team 's catcher awaits the baseball for the out .
neut	the player is a professional .
neut	the baseball player is a woman .
neut	the baseball player is playing baseball against the other team .
cont	the baseball player is sitting on the court .
cont	a baseball player is sitting on the bench .
enta	a person is playing baseball .
enta	a person playing baseball .
enta	a person is playing baseball .
enta	baseball player is playing baseball .
neut	the player is waiting for his friend .
neut	a baseball player just finished a game of baseball game .
cont	the player is yelling in his home .
cont	the stadium scene is on the field .
cont	the baseball player is running towards the ball .
enta	a baseball player watching the baseball player with a catcher .
neut	a person is trying to lose the baseball game on the baseball field .
neut	the ball is having fun playing group on baseball .
neut	the frat is playing a game to kick the goal .
neut	basket basket being played with a baseball to the game .
cont	the baseball player is winning , giving a young little football .
cont	a players are playing football in central park
enta	a player is quickly off a game .
a worried blond-haired baby is sitting inside a large , shiny metal cooking pot that is on top of an electric stove .
neut	the baby is cleaning up with a large metal pot .
cont	the baby is playing with a dog in the park .
cont	man eats a sandwich
enta	a child is cooking .
enta	the baby is cooking with a pot .
enta	a baby eats a pot of a pot of a pot
enta	a baby is using a metal pot to make a pot .
neut	people sitting at a park
neut	a baby boy is very tired
neut	a baby enjoys his barbecue dish
cont	a woman is dancing with a baby .
enta	the human is cutting something .
enta	a baby with a piece of metal is eating food .
neut	a baby tries to knit a piece of bamboo grill .
neut	a girl tries to pick up an instument .
neut	a baby is being lifted out of a plate .
cont	a baby sleeps in a truck .
enta	a woman is sitting with a piece of cans .
enta	a baby has a baby on the grill .
a group of people are wearing costumes
neut	the group of people are at a wedding
cont	the people are in the kitchen .
cont	there is a group of people sitting in a chair .
enta	some people are wearing costumes
enta	a group of people are wearing costumes
enta	there is a group of people .
neut	the group of people are wearing halloween costumes on in the park .
neut	the people are wearing sunglasses .
neut	some men dressed in costumes are talking to a friend .
cont	the people are not wearing sunglasses .
enta	a group of people are wearing costumes .
enta	humans is together
enta	some people are doing something .
neut	some people are putting up a dance smile .
neut	a group of people are dancing in class to build a farm .
neut	the group of people are reaching in their dance costume .
cont	the of people is watching the golf ball .
cont	a group of people have no day just 's problems .
enta	the group is wearing costume clothes .
enta	people are getting dressed in costumes .
several children in full riding gear are on horseback in a grassy field carrying polo equipment .
neut	a group of children are riding horses in a field in a race .
cont	children are riding on a bike
cont	several children are riding bikes in a field .
cont	the people are sitting on a couch .
cont	the children are riding bikes .
enta	several children are riding horses .
enta	several people are riding horses in a field .
enta	several children are in a horse .
enta	a group of children are outside in the grass .
neut	children are riding horses in a field ready for a big game .
neut	three sisters are racing on skis .
neut	three kids are wearing helmets and gear for their first time .
cont	three kids are riding bikes through the field of their horses .
cont	children are asleep on the couch .
enta	there are children wearing safety gear .
neut	two children are being biking to a tow .
neut	some children are playing stuck horses in the field
neut	children are going up their tour practice .
cont	twenty children all were in the a pool by their bikes .
cont	the child are jogging on the ocean .
cont	children are being biking down a road .
cont	the children are running down the river watching somebody .
enta	a horse on the field being driven .
a young boy , wearing a helmet , in shorts and a t-shirt and a pair of binoculars around his neck is playing outside .
neut	a boy plays in a park
neut	a boy plays with his mother 's head .
cont	the boy is playing in the yard .
cont	a young boy is playing in a field .
enta	a boy wearing a t-shirt and goggles is playing outside .
enta	the boy is wearing a helmet
enta	the boy is playing outside .
neut	boy plays in a playground
neut	a young boy is having fun
cont	the boy is quietly the room before his way home .
cont	a dog is wearing shorts .
enta	a boy is wearing a helmet .
neut	a baker is enjoy his boy to play outside the hospital .
neut	a young boy wearing is legs and playing with a karate equipment .
cont	the young boy is playing with a curb in the street .
enta	the boy is playing with a young child .
enta	a boy playing in a frame .
man in a military outfit handing something in a plastic bag to a group of children outside near a brown building .
neut	a man gives a box to a group of children outside of a school
neut	the man is a farmer
cont	a group of people are at a football game .
cont	a man is holding a dog in a kitchen .
enta	people are selling something .
enta	a man is holding a bag to other children .
enta	there is a man in a military outfit as a group of children outside near
enta	the man is holding a bag of plastic bag .
neut	the children are waiting for the bus .
neut	there is an old man wearing a uniform in the military parade .
neut	the man is a professional
cont	two men are holding a piece of bags
cont	the man in the military uniform is sitting quietly at the office .
cont	the man is in a suit
enta	some man is wearing a shirt and a bag .
neut	a man is going to a church service .
neut	a man is showing a lot of people to eat .
neut	the man is holding the boys nearby them .
cont	the man is giving a piggyback to the face .
cont	there is a man wearing a blue cowboy suit .
cont	a man holds a large toy of children in the living room .
enta	a man is posing with a load bag .
snowboarder sails in the air .
neut	a man is snowboarding for a competition
cont	a person is sitting on a couch .
cont	a man is on a boat
enta	a person on a snowboard .
enta	a snowboarder is in the air .
enta	a snowboarder is in the air
neut	an elderly snowboarder is going on a bike in the air .
neut	this person is at a beach .
neut	a skier is trying to make a trick of his friends .
neut	skateboarder is practicing his surfing gear
cont	a woman is riding a bike
cont	a skier claps a bone .
cont	someone is driving a truck .
enta	a snowboarder is outside
enta	the snowboarder is wearing a skis .
enta	snowboarder is in safety air .
neut	a snowboarder is doing a skit or air .
cont	snowboarder rides a bike eating by the sky .
cont	the guy is eating a shower .
enta	there is a person riding an buggy .
enta	a snowboarder puts his snowshoes in the air .
enta	there is a factory flying in the air .
a bearded man in a light blue shirt peers through a magnifier to work on something that rests on a white paper box .
neut	the man is trying to get to work on a white plastic box .
neut	he is a doctor of the white shirt .
cont	a bearded man sits on a black white box .
cont	man in a black shirt is playing with a dog .
cont	a man is wearing a black shirt
enta	a man in a light shirt and a coat is looking through a box .
enta	a bearded man is working .
enta	a man is working on a project in a bright shirt .
neut	the man does n't like to be a working .
neut	the contractor is an artist .
cont	the man is eating ice cream on a white white paper .
cont	a guy is riding the train through a park .
cont	a boy is using a jackhammer to get something .
enta	a man with a piece of a paper is sitting down .
neut	a man is taking a word while waiting for his friend
cont	the man is holding a phone while running in a place .
cont	a man operates a stripper on the white table .
cont	a man wears special bike on a white paper plate .
enta	there 's a man on the laptop and is sitting on a paper plastic plate
enta	a man is teaching gestures on a piece of paper .
a lady with a purse on his shoulder reaching upward and putting a crown in a statue 's hand .
neut	the lady is trying to get to the statue .
neut	a woman is getting ready to ride .
cont	a woman is sitting on a bench .
cont	a lady is sleeping on a couch .
cont	the lady is putting on a towel .
enta	a woman is putting a statue .
enta	a lady is putting a purse on her arm .
neut	a lady is getting ready for a book .
neut	the lady holds her pet 's hand .
neut	a lady practices her new date .
cont	the lady is eating lunch .
cont	the lady is working in the field .
cont	a woman throws a soda from a cake .
enta	a lady in her hat .
enta	a lady is with a purse .
neut	a woman is riding a brown statue .
cont	a lady in the blue competition shop
cont	a lady is holding a phone during the customer .
enta	a lady is doing something in a statue .
a man is on the ground taking his shirt off as a crowd watches .
neut	the man is a professional
cont	the man is riding a bike down the street
cont	a man is sitting on the ground , drinking a soda .
cont	a woman is watching a movie .
cont	a man is playing with his dog
enta	a man is on the ground .
enta	a man is watching a crowd of people watch .
enta	a man is on the ground .
enta	a man is on the ground
neut	the man is the boy 's uniform .
neut	a man is celebrating his shirt on the ground .
cont	a man is washing his shirt in the field .
cont	a man is sitting down with a shirt on
cont	the man is in a church .
enta	a man in the people is trying to get a attention .
enta	the crowd was at least one person .
enta	a man is standing up and having a conversation with a shirt .
neut	the man is on a ground prepares to go
neut	a man is going to study wearing a shirt .
cont	a man is standing still of his future .
enta	a man is being chased by a audience .
enta	a man has a shirt on .
enta	a man is sightseeing a top .
two girls bump into each other while they are rollerskating .
neut	two girls play on a playground with their family .
neut	two girls are playing on a playground in the park .
neut	two girls are playing on a playground
cont	the girls are playing basketball .
cont	the girls are playing in the sand .
cont	the girls are sitting in the room .
enta	there are people playing outside .
enta	two girls play .
neut	two girls are enjoying the day on a trampoline .
neut	two girls are fishing for money .
cont	the girls are sitting down
cont	two boys are indoors .
enta	some girls are jumping into the air .
neut	a girls do push along with hands on belts .
neut	the two girls have do dressed as their mother .
cont	two girls are sitting on their way to do chores .
enta	a girl and someone in this , are being climbing .
boy standing in line in a grocery store with his items on the conveyor belt .
neut	the boy is waiting for his wife .
neut	a boy is standing in line for his family 's home .
neut	boy holds his shopping store with his red toy
cont	boy eats a sandwich
cont	a girl is standing in line .
cont	the boy is swimming in the ocean
enta	the boy is at the store store
enta	a boy is standing in line in a grocery store .
enta	the boy is at the store store .
enta	a boy is in line in a grocery store .
neut	a boy stands in line for a local job at the local marketplace .
cont	boy runs on the road .
cont	a girl is drawing a portrait on the couch .
cont	a boy is putting his vegetables on a sunny day
enta	a boy is standing next to a busy store
enta	a boy is carrying shopping bags .
neut	the boy is shopping for lunch shop
neut	a boy is trying to find the store from a store .
neut	a boy is talking about a good of the store .
cont	the boy does not dressed as it 's red clothing .
cont	the boy is being catcalled by the tiger .
cont	a boy is standing on the seating with his cell .
cont	the boy in the bathroom empty with his mom
enta	a boy is enjoying standing on the highway .
enta	a boy is standing in line with his collection .
five little boys are playing baseball .
neut	five boys are playing baseball in the park .
neut	the boys are playing baseball in the park .
cont	the boys are sleeping
cont	five boys are sitting in the park .
cont	boys playing basketball on a field
cont	the boys are playing basketball
enta	boys are playing a game .
enta	boys are playing baseball .
enta	the boys are playing baseball .
enta	five boys are playing baseball outside .
neut	four kids are about to play baseball .
neut	four brothers are practicing for a game .
cont	little boys are playing basketball .
cont	six boys are holding a football .
cont	the boys are playing basketball for the first time .
cont	little cats walking around the table .
enta	four boys are playing a game .
enta	there are children playing a game
enta	kids are on a baseball field .
neut	two boys are having a fist in one another .
neut	a group of boys toss down the baseball got .
neut	one boys of professional ice have a weird white forest .
cont	the boys are rolling along in a park .
cont	purple boys walk alone .
enta	three boys are playing a game .
seven people ride motorbikes through a sand course .
neut	the people are trying to get to the store
neut	a group of people are riding motorcycles through a sand castle .
cont	people are sitting on a couch .
cont	some people are sitting on a bench .
cont	the people are riding their motorcycles down the road .
cont	the people are sitting on the couch .
enta	some people are on motorcycles .
enta	a group of people are riding motorcycles .
enta	a group of people are riding motorcycles through the sand
neut	people are lost home
neut	several friends are riding along the beach to get to the beach .
cont	the group of people are sleeping .
cont	the women are playing tennis .
enta	few people riding their motorcycles .
enta	five people are riding bicycles outside .
neut	people are involved to get a rehearsal in the sand .
neut	a few people are riding their favorite motorcycle driver .
neut	a large group on an old summer day away .
cont	three people is jogging under a river .
cont	a barricade dropped smaller of the boy 's ears .
cont	people are shopping at daycare eating .
enta	the people are interacting outside .
enta	the people are being biking in the sand .
a man curls up in an orange blanket on the street .
neut	the man is getting ready to go to the store
neut	the man is getting ready to go to work
neut	a man with a beard is getting ready to go to work .
cont	the man is drinking a soda .
cont	the man is walking down the street .
cont	a man with a beard is pushing a stroller down the street .
enta	the man is in the street .
enta	a man is outdoors .
enta	a man is in the orange blanket .
neut	the large man has a blanket on .
neut	a man in an orange lamp after for a walk for his family .
cont	the man is building a fire .
cont	a man rides his bike down a hill .
cont	the man is making a sculpture .
cont	a man is skiing down a hill .
enta	a man wears orange orange .
neut	a man is taking a long cut on the street .
cont	the man with the pair clothes is cooking
cont	a man is floating in a field with clay .
cont	a man swings in the market of a blue blanket .
cont	a man puts on the sea .
enta	a man is sweeping the street in a blanket .
enta	a man is working on the street
enta	the man is leaving on the street .
a man in a white hat and a woman in a light blue jacket have stopped on a busy street to look at something .
neut	they are going to get to the store .
cont	a man is wearing a black hat and a woman in a blue hat .
cont	the people are at the grocery store
enta	a man and woman are wearing blue hat .
enta	two people are wearing blue hat and their hair
enta	there is a man and a woman in a blue jacket .
enta	a man is wearing a hat
neut	a man is trying to learn something to be in a car .
cont	a man is playing fetch .
cont	a man and a woman are riding their bikes through the city of the city
cont	a father and wife watch a movie in the park .
cont	a couple is swimming in the ocean .
enta	a couple are by a street .
enta	two people wearing white white jackets walk around the street .
neut	a guy and dark colored girl are going home ups on the sidewalk .
cont	the boy is laying down the floor with his teeth .
enta	the man is out playing outside .
enta	people are riding on a busy street
a person is riding a colorful dirt bike on dirt hills .
neut	the person is in the dirt track .
neut	a person is in a race
cont	a person is sleeping on the ground .
cont	the person is riding a bike in the city .
cont	a person is sitting in a chair
enta	there is a person in a dirt bike .
enta	the person rides a bike .
enta	a person rides a bike in dirt .
enta	the person is outdoors .
neut	a woman prepares to jump off a dirt bike .
neut	the person is riding his bike on the trail .
neut	a new asian child is riding a dirt bike .
cont	someone is working on the street .
enta	a person is on his bike .
neut	a person is riding a bike to help .
neut	the person is a good place of his favorite bike .
neut	the person is on the dirt bike first place .
cont	the woman is feeding the watermelon of the summer .
cont	a person is riding a wagon that is working .
enta	a person is riding a bikes bike .
a man in a leather jacket with the collar popped kisses the neck of a woman in a gray coat wearing a white scarf .
neut	the man and woman are making a lady 's tattoo .
cont	the man is wearing a red shirt and a man is wearing a coat .
cont	the man is eating his ice cream cone of a woman .
cont	two women are eating pizza
cont	the man is holding a large man in a gray dress .
enta	a man is wearing a jacket
enta	a man is holding a woman 's hand .
enta	the man is wearing a jacket
enta	two people are touching a woman 's hand .
neut	two people are wearing their wedding .
neut	a man is about to his wife in a jacket
cont	there are no dogs present .
cont	a man is carrying his child in the middle of the ocean .
cont	a woman is talking about a fire .
enta	two males dressed in gray , walking across together .
enta	a man with a hair wearing a hat .
neut	a man is giving out a queen at the beach .
neut	a man is shopping for a girl .
cont	the male is base swimming by the lake .
cont	a man and woman are sitting down having his friends take a nap .
cont	a man is on a sofa full old side .
enta	the man is behind a woman who is wearing a hat .
enta	a man is on top of a woman wearing a coat .
young child is falling through the air from a swing .
neut	the child is playing in the park .
neut	the child is wearing a helmet .
cont	the child is sitting on the ground .
cont	a child is playing video games .
cont	the child is in the kitchen .
enta	a child is playing with a swing
enta	a child is playing outside .
enta	a child is playing .
neut	a young child goes through a swing at the park
neut	a young child is having a swing jump for a swing ride .
cont	girl watching tv
cont	a child is jumping on the ground
enta	the child jumping
enta	someone is playing the swing .
neut	the young child is looking for the air over .
cont	there are no people behind high above .
cont	two old people are coming down the street .
cont	a boy does his child at the pool .
enta	a young child is looking on at the base with a swing .
enta	a young child is dragging through a swing .
a person playing a drum with only their lower torso , hands , drumsticks , and drum showing in the foreground .
neut	a person is playing the drums for a crowd .
cont	a person is playing a guitar in a band
cont	there is a person playing a guitar in a bar with a guitar .
cont	a person playing a guitar in a bar
enta	a person playing a drum
enta	the person is playing a drum .
neut	a woman is playing the drums and singing into the outdoor
cont	a man rides the bus into the streets .
cont	an adult is eating a meal on the couch
cont	a person is trying to dance with his band .
enta	a person playing the drums is holding a drum
enta	the person is playing music .
neut	a player dance is trying to put a boy in the foreground .
neut	a person is playing at the same time
cont	the athlete is playing a guitar .
enta	a person is being helped by playing music .
four girls in shorts walk down the street .
neut	the girls walk down the street to the store .
neut	girls walking to the store
cont	the girls are sitting on a couch .
cont	some girls are sitting .
enta	a group of girls are walking down the street on the street .
enta	four girls walk outside .
enta	there are children walk down the street .
enta	the girls are outside
neut	four girls are pulled out a fire .
cont	some girls are sitting on the street with their friends in shorts .
cont	the four girls are surfing .
cont	four girls are line the bus .
enta	the girls are walking in the street .
enta	four girls are walking .
neut	the girls are outside , who do tricks .
neut	four girls are walking outdoors on their way looking down .
cont	three girls are running down the street in a gym .
cont	three girl are dressed as hot at flying .
enta	two little girls are walking outdoors .
enta	three girls are gathered in the street .
two young women are crossing a street just after a yellow school bus has passed by .
neut	a couple of young women are crossing the street on a sunny day .
cont	the women are sleeping in a bed .
cont	the women are sitting in the bus .
cont	the women are sleeping in a bed
enta	some people are crossing a street .
enta	two young women are crossing a street
enta	the women are walking in the street .
enta	the women are walking outside
neut	two young women are carrying shopping bags .
neut	they are drunk .
cont	two men in blue school with blue hair
cont	the women are dancing at a concert .
enta	there are women moving around outside .
enta	several young women are going into a bus .
enta	the street is full of women .
enta	the women walking to the bus .
neut	two women were viewing a play to show the school bus .
cont	two old women and their who are fighting in front of the street .
cont	a bus on a town street with no town .
cont	a bus works with the cars at the beach .
cont	the two woman are jumping off a cliff .
enta	two young women are boarding a train .
enta	a women across the street with footwear .
the girls in the red shirts are doing flips in the air .
neut	the girls are wearing red shirts for the day
cont	girls are sitting on a couch .
cont	two girls are playing basketball .
enta	the girls are wearing red .
enta	the girls are wearing shirts .
enta	the girls are doing handstands on the air .
enta	the girls are doing something .
neut	the people are taking their first ride .
neut	the girls were performing for the audience .
cont	the boys looking at a blue shirt .
cont	the girls have no of bodies .
enta	three girls are outside
enta	girls wearing red shirts are putting a rope in the air .
neut	a female woman is trying to shoot violently in her face .
neut	the girls have reunited on the ground and spin .
neut	the girl is doing her science kick .
cont	two girls like two kittens to fight .
cont	the girls are setting cool sitting on top of the air .
cont	two girls is kickboxing while sitting on the ground .
cont	girls are arguing in a forest .
enta	the girl is rolling around in the air .
enta	some girls are excited in front of a top .
enta	two pair are looking at something .
a band performing with a girl singing and a guy next to her singing as well while playing the guitar
neut	the band is playing for a crowd .
neut	a band is playing for a crowd .
cont	the girl is playing the flute .
enta	a band performs in front of a guy and girl is performing in front of
enta	the girl is playing music
neut	a band performs an annual band member of the concert .
neut	two people are going to play music .
cont	the band sat in the room .
cont	the band was entirely silent .
cont	the girl is sitting in the grass .
enta	the band of the band is performing a song .
enta	a group of people are using their guitar .
enta	there is a girl singing .
enta	a band band on stage
neut	a football band is performing for an band .
neut	a woman is singing in a play for her teacher .
cont	the band is playing past a flaming band .
cont	two people are eating in a room eating .
cont	two men are performing for a man .
cont	a man and his husband make a symphony
enta	a group of music is playing stage with a singer .
enta	a girl is singing into a guitar .
two kickboxers compete in front of a live audience .
neut	the two men are competing for the championship .
cont	two wrestlers are swimming .
cont	the two people are playing volleyball in the park .
cont	two athletes are cooking .
cont	two people are playing volleyball on the beach .
enta	two people are playing a sport .
enta	two people are playing soccer .
enta	there are two people in this picture , and they are all outside .
enta	two people compete in a sport
neut	it is a sunny day
neut	the men are racing .
cont	the women sat on the street .
cont	two hippies and a cat .
cont	the women are driving cars .
enta	there are two individuals near a concert .
neut	the two co-workers stand in front of the audience during their date .
cont	two sisters are riding a bike
cont	billie show show with all it '
enta	a float of people is being filmed by two people .
enta	a bunch of females are being in front of a group .
a group of kids listening to their band instructor , and reading music off their papers .
neut	kids are reading to their parents
neut	the kids are practicing for a band .
neut	the kids are reading harry playing their band music .
cont	kids are playing piano music .
cont	a group of kids are sleeping .
enta	the kids are listening to the music .
enta	the kids are reading to their band music .
enta	a group of kids are listening to music .
enta	the kids are reading
neut	a bunch of kids on the first band play their first time in the park
cont	a group of kids are playing the drums at the beach
cont	the group of kids are in an office building .
cont	the kids and kids are on a crowded train .
cont	the children are waiting for an indoor concert .
enta	people are watching music outdoors .
neut	a crowd of children enjoying some final final between rock .
neut	young kids are demonstrating their know for the high school .
cont	the dogs are studying over a man 's nose .
cont	several happy boys stand at another marching band .
cont	children are jumping boogie .
cont	four kids are eating in dairy .
enta	a group of children are talking at a musical show .
enta	the five kids are going on their stage .
enta	some children are hanging together .
there 's an invisible man holding a rainbow umbrella .
neut	a man is holding a rainbow at a park
cont	the man is holding a large rainbow umbrella
enta	a man is holding a rainbow
enta	the man is holding a rainbow
enta	a person holding an umbrella .
enta	the man is holding a rainbow .
neut	the man is working on his home .
cont	the man is fishing in his car .
enta	the man is near the water .
neut	a man is fixing a big umbrella with the umbrella .
neut	the man is competing in a parade , waving .
neut	the man is holding a rainbow in the world he just pulled .
cont	the man is drinking beer while eating dinner .
cont	a man is holding a umbrella at the desert .
cont	ready from the winter air has blue stand .
enta	a man was used as a umbrella .
enta	the man is being followed by a person .
a small dog wearing a denim miniskirt .
neut	the dog is a puppy .
neut	the dog is a owner .
cont	a dog wearing a dress is wearing a red scarf .
cont	the cat is wearing a denim .
cont	a dog is sleeping in the grass .
enta	a dog is wearing a jacket .
enta	a dog wearing a sweater is wearing jeans .
enta	there is a dog wearing a headband .
enta	a dog is wearing clothes .
neut	the boy is preparing for a frisbee .
neut	a small black dog is being held in the air .
neut	the dog is drenched
neut	a small dog carries a stick to his owner
cont	the large dog sits in the river .
cont	a small dog wearing a red collar holds an apple .
enta	there is a dog with a ball .
enta	a human in a sweater is wearing a jeans outfit .
neut	a dog with a black pig is wearing a sweater .
neut	a puppy is about to get in the desert .
neut	a puppy sleeps in the a bottom with her dog .
cont	a cat is riding a bumper red .
cont	a person is walking toward a bus .
enta	a small dog with a hair is wearing a pants .
three people in t-shirt , yellow helmets and harnesses begin to climb ladder .
neut	three friends are going to a party .
neut	the people are working on a project .
neut	three people are climbing a ladder to get a picnic .
cont	a man sits on a bench .
cont	the people are at the beach
cont	three men sit on a bench .
enta	three people climbing a ladder .
enta	the people are climbing .
enta	people climbing a ladder with ropes
neut	three people working in a working
neut	three people are practicing for the world competition .
neut	the group of men and women are trying to get to the ladder .
cont	a group of men watching a movie together .
cont	three people watching a movie .
enta	three people are on a ladder .
enta	the three people is wearing helmets
neut	the people near the second goes of the mountain .
cont	three people are taking a flight into the woods .
cont	people are walking along the road .
enta	people are climbing holding a path .
two brown dogs with green harnesses play tug-of-war .
neut	the dogs are playing in the park
cont	the dogs are sleeping in the living room .
cont	two dogs play poker in a field of mud
enta	there are two dogs playing together .
enta	two dogs play together
neut	the dogs are trying to make the ball .
neut	the dogs played together to get a bone .
cont	two dogs sleeping
cont	the girls sat behind their hair .
cont	the dogs are sitting still up .
cont	the dogs are sleeping
enta	an animals playing is in front of a large animal .
neut	two dogs are practicing for finals during a track .
neut	two boys are about to get control of a rope .
neut	they are hitting a bet play .
cont	two dogs are walking together on the field .
cont	the dogs are having a conversation in the shot .
enta	there is three dogs outside .
enta	two dogs are jumping in a rope .
young boy kicks a soccer ball towards the goal as the crowd watches .
neut	a boy is playing soccer in the park .
cont	the boy is playing basketball with his friends .
cont	a group of people are watching a movie .
cont	the boy is playing basketball
enta	the young boy kicks a soccer ball .
enta	the boy kicks the soccer ball
enta	a young boy kicks a soccer ball .
enta	the boy is playing soccer with a crowd .
neut	the boy is practicing in the stadium .
neut	a boy is winning the game of soccer .
cont	a boy is baking cookies .
cont	a young girl is about to score a goal .
cont	the young boy wearing shoes is at home plate .
enta	a boy practices a soccer ball
enta	a boy kicking a soccer ball .
enta	a young boy jumps a ball on a soccer field .
enta	the boy is going across the soccer ball .
neut	a kid is about to cook a sports ball .
neut	a young boy is playing soccer with a fast ball .
cont	a girl is shooting a bicycle off to the finish line .
cont	the little boy is raising the boy by a school .
enta	a boy in a sports cap plays the ball .
enta	a boy is upside a ball by the crowd .
two construction workers complete a task near the ground while a third worker looks on .
neut	the men are building a house .
neut	two construction workers are working on a project in a lab
cont	two construction workers are working on a project in the kitchen .
cont	two men are sitting in a car .
cont	nobody has a shirt .
cont	the workers are working on a building .
enta	the men are outside .
enta	two construction workers are working .
neut	three construction workers are working on a project together .
neut	the construction workers work at a construction site .
neut	the construction crew built a new fire .
cont	the construction workers are sitting at the park .
cont	two construction workers are standing on the ground watching a movie .
cont	two people are riding their bikes through the park .
enta	construction workers on the ground
enta	two workers are looking on a ground .
neut	the people are building the biggest spot of their life .
neut	the workers are going to clean the house and build a wheelbarrow .
neut	a man has just placed on a trip .
cont	two men cleans the animal on the ground
cont	the workers are riding sand onto the ground .
cont	the city workers are burning up their truck .
enta	the workers are standing outside , another painter is looking at .
enta	two workers have something change to change .
a woman in the street with a black shirt and stars with her mouth open .
neut	the woman has a dare .
neut	a woman with a black shirt and her mouth are playing with her mouth .
cont	a woman is wearing a red shirt .
cont	a man is sitting on a bench .
cont	a woman is on a bench .
enta	a woman is wearing a shirt .
enta	a woman is wearing a black shirt .
enta	a woman is wearing a black shirt
neut	a woman is making the love off her .
neut	a women stares down to eat in the street .
neut	a woman is getting married
neut	the woman is looking at the man .
cont	the woman is naked
cont	a woman watches a movie .
cont	some men in a crowd is eating lunch .
cont	the woman in the middle is reading a book .
enta	a woman stands with her mouth and a black shirt .
enta	there is a woman and little boy .
neut	the woman is going to stay with her mouth .
neut	a woman is trying to photograph a blank of the street .
cont	a man at his own garden and leaves into a skyscraper .
cont	a woman in the red shirt just received a bird .
cont	the woman is shown , running away .
enta	a woman sits on the street with eyes .
this young girl 's eyes are filled with excitement as she swings in her bright yellow dress .
neut	the girl is playing with her friends .
neut	a girl is playing with her friends
neut	a girl is playing with friends .
cont	the girl is playing with a dog .
cont	the girl is in the blue dress .
cont	a young girl plays video games .
cont	the girl is playing basketball .
enta	the girl is playing .
enta	the girl is wearing clothes .
enta	the girl is playing with her hair .
neut	a young girl is about to go to her eyes .
neut	the girl just finished is .
cont	a girl is taking a nap
cont	a young girl is pointing at her mouth in the water .
enta	moving in the picture
enta	a woman with an animal .
neut	a young girl playing at the other during competition .
neut	a young girl is swinging at others got ready .
cont	a boy is carrying his hands to go near a plane .
cont	the young girl is seeing off the sofa .
enta	the girl who is bending over her face .
enta	the girl is along with two other girls in .
a group of people are watching a band play music while one lady tries to take a picture of them .
neut	the woman is a professional band .
cont	the woman is sleeping on the couch .
cont	the woman is playing the guitar in the park .
cont	the woman is sleeping on the floor .
enta	the people are watching a band play music .
enta	a woman is playing music
enta	there are people watching a band play music
neut	a group of friends are playing music at a concert
cont	a woman is taking pictures of the dog playing the drums .
cont	a group of men are fighting
enta	a bunch of people are playing music .
enta	there were many people to their picture shoot on the music .
enta	there is a band playing music
enta	there are people playing instruments
neut	the crowd is very people to play an intricate concert .
neut	the scottish band is performing a show of world lake .
cont	a group of people are playing ball soon .
cont	the people are eating steak at the sunset .
enta	a group of people are performing tricks in front of a band .
enta	a group of people are watching a band play music .
enta	young people are going to their concert .
a woman in an orange shirt is enjoying food in a public setting .
neut	the woman is at a party
neut	a woman is at the doctors
neut	a woman is at a party .
cont	the woman is in the middle of the ocean .
enta	a woman is sitting outside .
enta	she is at the public .
enta	a woman is eating
enta	the woman is at a public setting .
neut	a woman just got off the subway .
neut	the woman is making food for her family .
cont	a woman is taking a shower .
cont	the woman is eatting food .
enta	the food carries a woman in orange .
enta	the woman in a shirt is eating a meal .
neut	a woman is taking a bottle of fish .
neut	an chinese woman is grilling food for the lady .
neut	a woman is prepairing over a piece of meat .
cont	a woman in an green shirt and dark boots sits on a table .
cont	the woman is in the dentist .
cont	an snowboarder is stealing food to a .
cont	a woman is being horrible by her pet .
enta	a woman is near a block with food .
enta	a woman is eating food .
a bridesmaid gives a toast with a microphone while two other bridesmaids and a gentleman look on .
neut	the bride is a the party .
neut	they are making a cake to the wedding .
neut	the wedding party is a good good .
cont	the bride is eating ice cream .
enta	two people are speaking to a speaker .
enta	there are people making a cake with a microphone
neut	the man is looking at the news .
neut	someone is showing a party for a party
cont	three people play a game of tennis .
cont	everyone is holding the baby .
cont	a man and two women are fighting over a man 's head .
enta	here has a lot of aged lady
enta	the man is giving a piece of cake
neut	an indian couple is about to go a garden with the other hands .
cont	a male holds corn candy from two other men .
cont	a man is putting another teeth at himself .
cont	the male looked over the drink 's arms .
enta	a few people held a book , signing .
a young child is looking at a commuter train station from the train seat .
neut	the child is looking at the train stop in the station to get to work
cont	a child is sleeping in a bed .
cont	a child is sleeping on the train .
cont	the child is at the beach
enta	the child is looking at the train .
enta	a young child looks at a train station at the train station .
enta	the child was looking at the train .
neut	the child is bored
neut	child is watching an athlete
cont	there are no children in the train station .
cont	a boy is eating a sandwich in a restaurant .
cont	a girl is at the ocean .
enta	a young child is watching an train .
enta	an child uses a train station .
enta	a kid is playing at the train station .
neut	the little boy is covering the board during a train .
neut	a young child is looking at the newest train .
neut	the boy is a guide by to the train station .
cont	the guitarist is playing with a bear .
cont	a young child in the doctor was looking at the scene .
cont	the child is running to someone 's desks .
enta	a child is looking at the train tracks .
enta	a child is looking out of the traffic tracks .
enta	a kid looks at an atm on the train station .
a group of children of varying ages are sitting at large tables eating .
neut	kids are eating at a restaurant .
neut	children are eating lunch in the table .
cont	the children are swimming in the ocean
enta	children are eating at a table .
enta	the children are sitting at the table .
enta	the people are eating together .
neut	several adults at a tables eating lunch .
neut	some kids in class eat chips .
neut	two boys are enjoying their time together .
cont	a group of children play in a park
enta	some children sit
enta	several children sit in chairs on the table .
neut	a group of homeless people are sitting in front of their friends .
neut	the children are about to get food while watching things .
neut	the group of kids are having ice cream together .
cont	the children are playing video games .
cont	nobody are on a beach
enta	a group of kids are enjoying a meals by watching two .
two women wearing white bathrobes relax on a couch with their feet kicked up on a coffee table .
neut	two women are taking a break from a lunch party .
neut	two women are taking a break from their lunch break
cont	two women walk down a street with their feet on the couch
cont	two women wearing white suits walk on a couch
cont	the women are wearing dresses and holding the table .
enta	the women are wearing shirts .
enta	two women are sitting on a couch .
neut	the women have just lost the game .
neut	one woman and child are getting ready for a date
cont	there are no women watching the women .
cont	the women are knitting a sweater .
cont	the women are riding on a bus .
cont	three women are going on the nearest near the bus .
enta	the women are behind .
neut	two women have carefully for a barbeque .
cont	two women in sweatshirts are sitting on a bench .
cont	the women are sitting on top of a television break .
enta	there are two people in motion to cook .
four young men sit on the floor close to a television that is showing elmo from sesame street .
neut	four young men sit on the floor , watching a movie at the movie theater
cont	the four young men are sitting on a bench .
enta	the four young men are sitting together .
enta	four young men are sitting
enta	four men sit on the floor .
enta	there are four young men sitting .
neut	some guys are hiding from a tv show .
neut	the men have fun for the first time .
neut	a few men try to make an ad on the floor .
cont	four young men are drinking beer at the bar .
cont	some people are running indoors .
cont	four people sit on a beach .
enta	four young men are sitting on the floor .
enta	men in the street .
neut	a group of two young men are sitting on the floor getting ready to go
neut	three men sit outside the house getting cut .
neut	a group of people covered on the floor they just ready for a funeral .
neut	some friends are planning to take a shower wash .
cont	some men are indoors in the living room .
cont	three kittens are sitting and eating in a store .
enta	there are people in the sidewalk , taking pictures .
enta	three men are beside on the floor .
enta	humans talk on the floor while working .
people are gathered together watching something .
neut	people are watching something at a concert .
neut	the people are watching a play at the park
neut	people are watching a man are watching something
neut	a group of people are watching a man are watching a movie on his way
cont	the people are watching a movie in a movie theater .
enta	people are watching something .
enta	people are watching something .
enta	the group of people are near each other .
enta	people watching something .
neut	a group of children are listening to a concert
neut	the people are hungry .
neut	the group of people look at the big game .
cont	some people are running in the field
cont	the people were running at the beach .
cont	there are people watching television
enta	this picture is taken by the people
neut	a group of people are performing during a parade .
neut	people are waiting for someone to play .
neut	people gather to a group of people get their picture taken .
cont	some people are arguing having a night of beer .
cont	four people are watching a dolphin kick in the state area .
enta	people are looking at something .
a guy on a waterskiing board is doing a stunt .
neut	a guy is doing a trick for a competition .
neut	a man is doing a trick for a competition .
cont	a man is doing a trick on a guitar .
cont	a woman on a boat
enta	the man is on the water .
enta	a man is doing a trick .
neut	a young man is trying to win a competition .
neut	a young man is participating in a competition for his job .
neut	a young guy is trying to win the competition .
cont	a guy is riding his motorcycle at the park .
cont	a man is having a competition on a skateboard .
cont	a boy plays with the dog at a park .
cont	a lady is preparing to dive into the pool .
enta	a man has been doing a stunt
neut	the ups are interacting with live at a swim competition .
neut	the guy is tossing a frisbee he is wearing a competition .
neut	a man involved his swim to have a flip .
neut	a man watches at the competition competition .
cont	the man is dragging a man 's board .
cont	the baby is wearing a towel while leaving it n't
cont	the man is on a couch
enta	a guy works in his gymnastics equipment .
enta	a man jumps in some water
a fisherman with his friend is setting up his pole .
neut	a fisherman is getting ready to go fishing .
neut	a fisherman has a blue helmet .
cont	a man plays with his friend .
cont	the man is riding a horse
enta	a fisherman is outside
enta	the man and his daughter are outside in the pole .
neut	the old man was fishing
neut	a guy is fishing at the beach
neut	the one person uses the pole to catch the bus .
cont	a man sits in his chair and watching tv .
cont	a man paints his head while riding a bus .
cont	everyone is inside watching tv .
cont	a man and his dog are eating lunch
enta	there are two people in this picture .
enta	the man is by the pole .
neut	a volunteer was spending to catch a boat .
neut	a paws climber helps to jump up of a big man .
cont	a family did not to one person in front of him .
cont	a man is catching a run by old man .
cont	the man is throwing up his fishing harness .
cont	a man sitting in his hotel taking holes .
enta	the males are working
enta	a surfer likes with a pole in the air .
little girl and older male , holding hands and walking on train tracks .
neut	two people walk on the train tracks in a race .
neut	the little girl is holding her son .
neut	the two people are waiting for a train .
neut	the little girl is walking to the store .
cont	the little girl is running away .
cont	the little girl and woman are sitting on the train tracks .
cont	a couple of people are sitting on a bench .
enta	the people are walking .
enta	a couple walk
enta	the little girl and young girl are walking outside .
enta	a couple of people walk on the tracks .
neut	small kind of people with hands and another woman are getting married
neut	a brother and sister walk on the train tracks
neut	a tall human in a shirt and small boy .
cont	people are sitting in a school .
cont	a girl is taking his empty with a car on the street .
cont	the girl is putting on a classic .
cont	the two people are not riding the train tracks .
enta	the girl is traveling .
enta	a man and female holding hands walking down the train tracks .
enta	a man and a girl are on a train tracks .
neut	a young girl and her grandchild are walking in the train tracks .
cont	a young boy is taking a shower .
cont	a little girl shooting a crayon while her friends play .
enta	a girl is holding hands with two different .
enta	the girls are walking up the train .
a town worker working on electrical equipment .
neut	a city worker is working on a project
neut	a city worker working on a project
neut	the city worker is working on the equipment for the job .
cont	the person is sleeping on the couch
cont	the person is working on the floor .
cont	the person is working on a car
enta	there is a person working .
enta	the town worker is working on equipment .
enta	a person is working .
neut	a local worker working hard a new equipment
cont	a man is preparing to destroy his hands .
cont	a man is building his house working of a large room .
cont	a man is at a local library next to a school .
enta	the construction worker is fixing the equipment .
enta	people working in a machine .
neut	the man is putting on something to his job .
neut	the man is working for a car , open .
neut	a person is working on a tile building .
cont	a guy is riding a boat .
cont	a man sits on the beach looking at two people .
cont	a street worker is making paper out of the airplane .
enta	a worker is working on equipment .
enta	the street is a few worker .
enta	a person is working on the construction equipment .
people working together to build a shed .
neut	the people are working on a project
neut	some people are building a house for a friend .
cont	the people are at the park .
cont	people working to use a machine .
cont	the people are at the beach .
cont	the people are sitting in the grass .
enta	some people are working together .
enta	people are working .
neut	a family is at the unemployment .
cont	the people are doing a headstand .
cont	the people are building a picket .
cont	a child was found a bedroom .
cont	workers walk around the streets
enta	there are people working outside
enta	group of people working in a market .
enta	there are two people .
neut	a group of people are volunteering for a guy and crafts .
neut	three people are directing a blueprint project
cont	people train in the middle of a giant wall .
cont	people are his teammates a turn to avoid .
enta	people are acting at a construction .
many people are listening to a concert , and tv crew is recording the audience reaction .
neut	the people watch the band perform for a crowd .
neut	the people are listening to a band .
neut	a group of people are listening to a band play on the concert .
cont	the people are sitting on the ground .
cont	the people are inside watching tv .
enta	there are many people on the concert .
enta	the people are listening .
enta	a group of people are listening to music .
neut	the people all all enjoy the concert .
neut	the band members are at a concert .
cont	one person is looking at the audience .
enta	there are many people in a concert .
enta	musicians are outside together .
enta	several people are at a concert
enta	a bunch of people are outside singing .
neut	two people wait for a class to come by the other side .
cont	the people are starting to walmart inside .
cont	the people did a free the performance free alone .
cont	there is no group of people watching a concert on their .
cont	people are taking a nap while exercising .
enta	people are making two people at a concert .
enta	a group of people are using physical equipment .
a float depicting religious imagery .
neut	the balloons are in a large picture .
cont	the people are inside the library .
cont	a man sits on a bench at the park .
enta	a display is being taken by a large group of people .
enta	the balloons are being photographed .
enta	people at marketplace .
neut	a set of signs stands in a church and a woman is making a painting
cont	there is a boy spray the artwork .
cont	an angry couple is sitting in the shade .
cont	the aliens are not wearing anything .
cont	a boy is painted the ocean
enta	a display of a display of people holding pictures .
enta	there is a group of people
neut	the man is having a professional party .
neut	a smiley with sunglasses on for a camera .
cont	a cowboy is drinking a beer of traffic .
cont	the man is all talking to stay .
cont	the artist is drawing with a face .
enta	a large child is holds by animal .
a young women carrying some wooden cases , walking down the street and passing a street performer .
neut	the woman is carrying a new new fair in the street .
neut	a woman carries a large group of people walking down the street .
neut	a young woman carries a large new new people in a parade
neut	a woman is walking to work .
cont	the woman is sleeping on the couch .
cont	a man is carrying a child on his way home .
enta	the woman was walking
enta	a young woman walks down the street .
enta	a young woman is walking down the street .
enta	the woman is outside
neut	the woman is carrying a street criminal .
cont	a boy is playing with a ball on the beach .
cont	a child is dancing
enta	a few people are outdoors
enta	a lady is sweeping something outside .
enta	a women is making an object .
neut	ladies are walking to get a seat but they are not .
neut	a woman participates and having a train she took .
cont	a young woman possibly only knocked by a bus .
cont	a bunch of people sit on the street with a street performer .
cont	the woman is swinging around , running .
enta	a young woman is walking by a busy street .
children are playing a game outside .
neut	children playing in a park
neut	the kids are playing a game of basketball .
cont	the children are playing video games .
cont	the children are sleeping
enta	children are playing a game .
enta	children are playing .
enta	kids are playing a game .
enta	children playing a game .
neut	kids are playing a game of football about to play .
neut	the kids are playing a game of baseball .
cont	the kids are sitting in a chair .
cont	kids swim in a field .
cont	the kids are flying a kite .
enta	children are outside .
enta	kids are at a game .
neut	children are playing a game with their mom .
neut	they are playing a game of games girls .
cont	a parent of teachers are eating food in a forest .
cont	a group of children are eating before in the top .
enta	children are outside playing games with children .
enta	the children are playing a game .
man wearing a mask of an old man .
neut	a clown gets ready to go .
neut	the man is wearing a mask to his friend 's house .
neut	two men pose for a picture
cont	two women are playing with a mask on at the park .
cont	two old men are playing chess in a park .
enta	the man is wearing a mask .
enta	there is a man wearing a mask .
enta	there are two men wearing a mask mask
neut	the man is about to get wet .
neut	the man has no shoes for his family .
cont	the man is running away from the man .
cont	old man with no shirt in the park
cont	two people are surfing in the ocean .
cont	a woman trying to wear a blue helmet .
enta	a person is standing in front of an old man .
enta	a guy with a mask
neut	the man 's just was playing outside .
neut	a man prepares to drive a man that hit
cont	the man is wearing a plain poncho .
cont	a woman is wearing a plain and hat .
enta	the two men have protective protective on .
people working together to plant flowers .
neut	a group is working in a garden
cont	people are sitting in a chair .
enta	people are working to cooking flowers .
enta	people are near flowers .
enta	there are people in a plant .
neut	the people are working for the large crowd .
neut	the people are working on a garden
neut	a group of people just got done with a garden garden .
cont	a boy is grilling his bread at the party .
cont	people drinking beer at the bar
enta	there is martial arts arts workers and one animal .
enta	humans mopping .
neut	the men are discussing the flowers and their hands .
cont	the people are fixing a train .
cont	some people are running away at a building .
enta	people are working on a fruit plant .
enta	there are several people working in this picture , and do are .
two horses , one black and one brown , are pulling a man outside .
neut	the horses are pulling a man to get his horses .
neut	two horses are pulling a man to the park .
neut	two horses are pulling a man in a race .
neut	a man and a woman are pulling a man in a horse race .
cont	two horses are running in a race .
cont	two horses are running .
cont	two horses are running
cont	they are sitting on a couch .
enta	the man is outside
enta	a man pulling a man outside of his horses .
neut	two horse have green .
neut	the horses are nice to be starting .
cont	two people are fighting in a field .
cont	two men are swimming across the ocean .
cont	there are two horses in a field .
enta	the men are near a man .
neut	two equipment practice the dogs off of other people
cont	some male riders are sitting at a store .
cont	a newlywed rides the finish club in front of a small .
enta	some horses are going down a man .
a cyclist rides down a rocky mountain .
neut	a cyclist is riding down a mountain in a race .
neut	the cyclist is riding his bike to the top of the mountain .
cont	the cyclist is on the beach .
cont	the cyclist is riding his bike in the city .
enta	the cyclist is riding his bike
enta	a person on a mountain .
enta	a person is riding a bike
neut	the cyclist likes to play .
neut	a cyclist is about to fall off the mountain .
neut	rider rides her bike to work .
cont	a man is fighting against a wall of his dog .
cont	the cyclist is not riding a motorcycle .
enta	this is a rider .
enta	a cyclist is moving .
neut	a race biker is riding down a snowy mountain .
neut	a cashier is going riding down a mountain mountainside the mountain .
cont	the woman is falling falling inside the mountain .
cont	the racer is driving down the mountain of a mountain .
enta	a near racer is riding a mountain .
enta	a cyclist is riding bikes down a snowy mountain .
enta	a cyclist is riding a bumper .
a party is held and many people mingle and gather for the occasion .
neut	the people are at a party
neut	the party with the crowd are at a party .
neut	the people are at a party to get a party .
cont	the people are eating at a restaurant .
enta	the people are gathered together .
enta	there are people gathered .
enta	there are people gathered together .
neut	a family eats a new party .
neut	the party is making a party
cont	a man is making a cake for his family at the party .
cont	the green is empty .
enta	the people are making food outdoors .
neut	several people are about to be play a game .
cont	a traffic man is being beautiful and dancing .
cont	a group of people are shopping for other instruments .
enta	people are doing a talk with others .
a shirtless man is singing into a microphone while a woman next to him plays an accordion .
neut	the man is a musician
neut	the woman is wearing a hat .
neut	a man plays a song at a concert .
cont	the woman is playing a guitar .
cont	a man is playing the guitar in a band while a woman watches .
cont	the woman is playing the drums .
enta	the woman is singing .
neut	one man is happy to he singing to her friends .
neut	a man stands in front of a woman at a concert party
neut	the man is playing a song for a crowd .
cont	the man is running a race
cont	the man is eating lunch at home .
cont	a man is teaching .
enta	the guy is performing for a woman .
enta	the woman and man are singing into a microphone .
neut	the actors are practicing for charity next .
neut	a winning man in a well , scarf plays an instrument .
neut	a man is losing his images at the microphone .
cont	the man is her football swimming in a competition .
cont	a woman is putting her guitar out .
enta	a woman is at a man side .
enta	a man is performing at a woman .
enta	a leotard is practicing music .
enta	a man is singing into a microphone .
a woman lies on a bed with a red , orange , and blue striped comforter crumpled up next to her .
neut	a woman is looking at her friend .
cont	the woman is playing with her dog in the park .
cont	the woman is playing with a dog .
cont	the woman has a blue shirt .
enta	a human looking
enta	the woman is holding something .
enta	a woman is on a bed with a red and dark orange boots .
neut	a woman is about to fall into the ocean .
cont	the cat is crying .
cont	a child is taking a break from on the beach .
cont	a lady is dead , and holding a blue and blue and blue and blue
enta	the woman is on the bed .
neut	a woman is going to escape with a yellow and skirt .
cont	a maid is trying to get a photo of a man .
cont	a man is curled up of snow
enta	someone is waiting on a couch
two guys are wearing uniforms who are running in the grass .
neut	two black uniforms run in the grass .
neut	two guys are running for a marathon .
neut	two guys are running for a marathon .
cont	two women are running .
cont	two women are running .
cont	two guys are sitting on a couch .
enta	there are two men running .
enta	the men are wearing uniforms
enta	the men are running in the grass .
enta	there are people in uniforms
neut	the men are in a field during the summer .
neut	the two men are happy and about to finish the ground .
neut	two lost mens are running in the grass at the park .
neut	the boys have running for the first time .
cont	two cats are running across the field .
cont	two guys are washing laundry .
enta	two guys are outside
neut	three men are running in the grass with their signs .
neut	the two sad men are afraid in shorts .
neut	knights going to leave of the grass , and are wearing uniforms .
cont	two men are laying in the grass
cont	two men from horseback ride down the highway .
cont	the workers are taking in the lap .
cont	some men are running down a busy street ,
enta	two men are running around the grass .
enta	two guys are running in grass .
an old man wearing a hat is working on a project .
neut	an old man is working on a project in the city .
neut	the man is a farmer .
neut	an old man is working on a project in his office .
cont	the man has no hat .
cont	a man is sleeping .
enta	there is a man working on a project .
enta	an old man is wearing a hat
enta	an old man is working on a project .
enta	a man is working on a project
neut	an old man is building a building for his family .
neut	the man is building a building .
cont	a man is making a fire .
cont	the man is sleeping in his car on a bench .
cont	a man is fixing lunch .
cont	a mother is getting ready to work a man .
enta	the old man is wearing a hat .
enta	a man is making a construction project .
neut	an all of asian man is working his hands in a tall project .
cont	a young guy sits in his garage with a burger .
cont	a man is repairing a old buildings by the pier .
cont	a young man is pouring the shirt on his balance .
enta	a sidewalk man is working with some people .
enta	the man is using his hand works .
a group of people dressed as a wizard , queen , and possibly a lobster smiling and looking at the camera .
neut	the child is a cowboy
cont	a group of people are having a picnic in the park .
cont	a man is taking a picture of a group of people at a restaurant .
cont	a man and a woman are taking a nap in the park .
enta	the group of people are looking at the camera .
neut	the people are posing for a photo .
neut	a group of people are visiting the wedding who are dressed in a dull wedding
neut	the group of people are watching television .
cont	several people are at the bank .
cont	the group is cooking a hamburger .
cont	these strangers are taking a nap
enta	some people are wearing light clothes together .
enta	women and one person are holding a camera .
neut	people are having a big party goers .
neut	an asian rally over the colors and flag as a couple wearing their faces .
cont	the men are woman in their highchair .
cont	the people are wearing shirts and playing volleyball .
enta	a person of people are looking at the camera .
a young boy in a gray and white striped shirt is playing guitar .
neut	a boy is playing guitar for a crowd .
neut	a boy is playing guitar for a crowd .
neut	a boy plays guitar for a crowd of people
cont	a boy is sitting on a couch .
cont	the boy is wearing a blue shirt .
enta	a young boy is playing guitar .
enta	a boy is wearing a shirt .
neut	the boy is having a good time .
neut	the boy enjoys playing guitar for money .
neut	the guitar player is outside .
cont	a young boy is playing a flute
cont	a boy is picking cotton candy .
cont	the boy is sleeping in a crib .
enta	the boy plays guitar .
enta	a kid is playing his guitar
enta	a little boy is holding his guitar .
enta	a kid is playing a guitar instrument .
neut	a young boy is playing an instrument for a musical competition .
neut	a young boy is playing during a guitar live .
neut	the boy is playing guitar at the park
cont	a man is playing tennis at the beach .
cont	a young boy is in the mud wearing a red striped shirt .
cont	a boy is seated in the sand with a cardboard .
enta	a young boy is playing a guitar .
enta	a human is performing music .
a man and a woman standing on a sidewalk in between buildings .
neut	a couple stands on a sidewalk for a picture .
cont	a man and woman are sitting on the sidewalk in the park
cont	the man and woman are swimming in the ocean .
enta	two people standing on a sidewalk in the background .
enta	the people are outside .
enta	a man and woman are standing outside .
neut	one boy in a suit and a woman take a break
neut	a man and his wife are standing on a sidewalk
cont	the man and woman are on a blanket
cont	the two men are sitting quietly .
cont	a man and a woman are sitting on the couch eating lunch .
enta	there is a man and a woman are outside .
enta	the couple is near home .
neut	the couple is on a sidewalk to use the neighborhood .
neut	a man and woman doing a good act gathering .
neut	a woman and man are hard to see in the city .
cont	a woman and dog talks in a bedroom .
cont	the man is playing sports with the dollhouse .
cont	a man and woman were at a field
cont	the man and woman are in a executive district .
enta	man and a woman are standing .
enta	a man and woman are outside , out of the street .
enta	a man stands near the building with a woman .
a happy little girl rides on the merry-go-round .
neut	the girl is playing with her friends
neut	a girl is riding a rail through a parade
neut	a girl is playing on the merry-go-round at the park .
cont	the girl is riding a bike on the beach .
cont	the girl is sleeping in her bed .
cont	the little girl is running .
cont	a man sits on the merry-go-round .
enta	the girl is in the water .
enta	a girl is on the merry-go-round .
enta	a girl is on the merry-go-round .
enta	a little girl rides a carousel .
neut	a girl enjoys her friends .
cont	a kid rides on a skateboard in the park .
cont	the little girl is in a shower .
enta	there is a girl on a merry-go-round .
enta	a human riding
enta	the girl is exiting the merry-go-round .
neut	the girl is putting her teeth to me and .
neut	the girl is traveling home for her boyfriend .
cont	a girl cycles in the kitchen .
cont	the girl is tossing her bread from the same thing .
cont	a boy is with his daughter 's head .
enta	a girl rides a unicycle .
enta	a girl out at the merry-go-round
a man is rock climbing with protective rope .
neut	a man is wearing a helmet and playing with a toy .
neut	the man is a professional rock .
neut	a man climbs a mountain
neut	the man is climbing up a cliff .
cont	a man is sleeping on a couch .
cont	the man is riding a bike down the street .
enta	a man climbs a rock .
enta	a man is outside .
enta	the man is climbing a rock .
enta	a man is in the rock climbing .
neut	a man is climbing the rock wall
neut	the man is working on a rock climbing .
cont	a man rides a boat into the pool .
cont	this man is blind .
cont	a woman is going swimming
enta	a man is rock climbing .
enta	the man is wearing protective gear .
enta	a rock climber is outside .
neut	the man is climbing mt. to his protective .
neut	a man is trying to find his handmade fight .
neut	the man is trying to move the top of clothes .
neut	a man is surfing his rope to catch the day .
cont	a man is setting up a flag before bedtime .
cont	a man is feeding a show of rain .
enta	a man is going on some equipment
a snowboarder is grinding on a rail in a snowy , mountainous area .
neut	a snowboarder is in a race for a crowd
neut	a person is competing in a competition .
neut	a person is competing in a competition .
cont	a snowboarder is riding a bike
enta	a person is outside in the snow .
enta	a snowboarder is outside .
neut	a snowboarder is wearing an orange business suit .
cont	the snowboarder is driving a truck
cont	a women is sipping from the entire of the pool
cont	a snowboarder wears a spitting and jumps up the highway .
enta	a snowboarder in the snow in the snow
enta	the snowboarder is in the mountain .
enta	a person , on an iron speed is working on the rail .
neut	a snow photographer is about to move off the train .
cont	the nature over polo is empty of new mountains .
cont	a that fell the people of a green plane .
cont	a snowboarder does the jump 's jump inside .
cont	a cowboy is riding a bear back of the snow .
enta	a snowboarder is sweeping on a train .
the lady carrying the big bag is walking under the trees in bloom .
neut	a woman is walking to the store to go to work .
neut	the lady is walking to the store .
neut	the lady is carrying a bag of red bag to her purse
cont	a man walks through the forest in a park
cont	the lady is carrying a large bag in her kitchen
enta	a lady walks outside .
enta	a person walking outside .
neut	a woman walked to his girlfriend while walking down the street .
neut	a woman is getting ready for a date .
cont	she was eating dinner .
enta	lady and a top of a tree
enta	there is one person in the picture .
enta	a lady is walking to the tree .
neut	a lady with her bag is walking down the mountain
neut	a lady is walking while drinking on the apples , looking for something .
cont	the lady is pushing the police basket .
cont	a woman walking past the shop .
enta	a lady is carrying a bag and is walking .
a girl in blue rides a horse over a tall jump .
neut	the girl rides a horse in a race .
neut	a girl rides a horse to a crowd .
cont	a girl rides a horse in a field .
enta	a girl rides a horse .
enta	a girl is on a horse .
enta	a girl is riding a horse over a jump .
enta	the girl is riding a horse .
neut	a child is trying to swim on a jump .
neut	a girl is preparing to take a ride .
neut	a little girl is about to jump off a horse .
cont	a woman in blue is eating lunch and talking .
cont	a girl is playing with her dog .
cont	a boy playing on the beach .
enta	a girl is on a horse .
enta	a girl in blue is holding an object .
enta	there is a horse
enta	there are kids playing .
neut	a girl chases an game during the race where the girl .
neut	a girl is jumping over a large horse .
neut	a girl is being thrown in a horse .
cont	a girl is laying under a tree 's .
cont	a girl in red is doing to ride a bike .
cont	a girl is pushing the course of the woods .
enta	a kid with dog rides on a horse .
a group of friends stand around at night while one in a brown coat blows bubbles from a blue container .
neut	a group is having a conversation about their day
cont	a group of people are sitting in a restaurant .
cont	a group of people are playing basketball in the park .
cont	people are watching a movie .
enta	people at night
enta	there are people in a blue coat
enta	a group of people are playing .
neut	a friends just got married
neut	the friends enjoy the nice weather .
cont	a man is sitting at a menu shop
cont	a group is having dinner at a restaurant .
cont	two people are jumping off a cliff .
enta	there are children in the water .
neut	the women are discussing in a hat
neut	two people are currently saving down their parts with plastic bubbles .
cont	the friends are drawing a tv .
cont	the people are standing in the street crying .
enta	a few of people are standing at the top of a bag .
enta	the group of children are wearing a color colored plaid shirt .
a baby is in an activity chair in a child 's playroom .
neut	the baby is playing with his mother 's house .
cont	two children are playing in the park .
cont	a baby is sleeping on the floor .
cont	a child is sitting on a couch .
enta	a child is in a chair .
enta	a baby is being held .
neut	a kid is having a book time in a bed .
neut	a baby is reaching for its owner .
cont	a child is not holding anything in a tree .
cont	the baby is breaking off of his hands .
cont	one child watching a movie in the theater .
enta	there is a human 40 wide .
enta	a human is in a house .
neut	a baby is riding his daughter 's treehouse .
neut	a newborn is practicing in the same tickets .
cont	the little girl is upset to himself in a cubicle .
cont	the baby is not standing by an artist .
cont	a baby is being seen under the fountain .
enta	a baby is being led by a baby .
here is a picture of someone doing diagnostics on a vehicle in the dark .
neut	the picture is of a picture of a man .
neut	a man is doing a trick for a picture in the background .
cont	the person is riding a bike .
enta	a person is doing a trick on a vehicle .
enta	a person is doing a trick
enta	someone is standing in the air .
neut	a picture of a man waits for his ride
neut	a woman uses their for pictures of people on a vehicle .
cont	the people are watching others play .
cont	someone is watching tv
cont	there is a single person on the street .
enta	a picture of an adult standing on a vehicle .
neut	a person is working for a train to beat someones .
cont	the person is taking a nap during sight
cont	a little woman is riding a scooter in front of a fire .
cont	a bunch of workers standing in the oval station .
enta	a person is crouched on a vehicle with a car .
enta	a picture of a car has something on it .
two blond people are sitting in a park having a conversation .
neut	two people talking about their day at the park .
neut	two people are talking about the weather
neut	a couple of people are talking about a campfire .
neut	two friends talking about their day
cont	the people are sitting in a chair .
cont	the people are at the beach playing volleyball .
enta	the people are sitting .
enta	the people are sitting in a park .
enta	two people are talking in a park .
neut	two individuals are waiting for someone to take off in a park .
neut	two blond people are having a drink .
cont	two people dance with their helmets .
cont	two couples are asleep on the floor
enta	the couple is sitting outside .
enta	these people are having a conversation .
enta	two people sit in the park , conversing .
enta	the couple are in a park .
neut	the two people are trying to go eaten fly .
cont	she is eating a piece of not seen .
cont	two men are partying in a cafeteria .
cont	a woman is sitting and singing to a small children .
cont	thee and the kids are standing up and talking .
enta	two people are sitting in a park .
enta	two people are sitting in a park .
a man in a striped shirt and lady in a black hat are watching a young band perform on stage .
neut	a man and woman are performing for a large crowd of people .
cont	two men play basketball .
cont	the man and woman are playing in the park .
enta	the lady and dress are on a stage .
enta	the man is wearing a hat .
enta	a man and woman are watching a band .
enta	people are watching a man play a guitar .
neut	two friends play a concert
neut	an old band is performing for a crowd of people .
neut	some friends have band on stage
neut	they see a band on stage at a concert .
cont	a man is petting his wife 's hat .
cont	the man and woman are walking down the street
enta	a band
enta	a musician plays his guitar .
neut	a couple with wife is watching a young band perform on stage .
neut	a man is trying to take past a little girl .
neut	the man is asking to burn a good of sun .
neut	a man is performing at the donation competition .
cont	the band and lady are eating seafood at night .
cont	an group of old people are sitting on stage singing .
enta	a man is playing with a band .
enta	a middle-aged man is watching a song .
a young boy looking at a picture book .
neut	a boy is looking at the picture of his friend .
neut	the boy loves his picture .
neut	he is in a park .
cont	the boy is sleeping in bed .
cont	two boys play video games .
enta	a young boy is looking at a picture .
enta	there is a young boy looking at a picture of a book .
enta	a human looking at a picture .
enta	a boy is looking at something .
neut	a boy is looking at the book he is looking .
cont	kids are looking at the moon
cont	a boy is holding a baseball bat
cont	the boy was eating on the couch .
enta	a boy is standing at the picture .
enta	there is a person with a book
enta	the young boy is not standing in the picture .
neut	a young boy is trying to win a wall that is full of bread .
neut	the boy is filling the new picture by a wedding .
cont	the girl is looking at the pie .
cont	the boy is baking a sculpture when would are stuck .
enta	an young boy is looking at a picture .
enta	a young boy in a background and his photo sees .
two people in a field looking off-camera .
neut	two people looking at a man in a field .
cont	there is a group of people watching a movie in the hall .
cont	there is a group of people in a field looking at the sky .
enta	two people are looking at each other .
neut	two friends are jumping to get a ball .
neut	the two people have their feet and will win .
cont	three people in a game pool for the first time .
cont	2 people are asleep in a bed .
enta	the kids have something in a field .
neut	they are having a day
neut	two people performing to a tornado .
neut	two people are looking at the old
cont	two people are going on a sofa .
cont	two people are running down the avenue
enta	the people have colorful something on the field .
enta	one of the people are performing in a field .
a person in a dark shirt and shorts and a white helmet is jumping a bicycle over a mound of dirt .
neut	the person is a professional biker .
cont	a person rides a bike down a street .
cont	a person is swimming in the ocean .
enta	a person is wearing a helmet .
enta	someone is jumping a bike over a field .
neut	a person wearing shorts jumping over a hole to get a flip on a bike
neut	a young person is about to jump off a big bike .
cont	a boy jumps a blue and brown helmet down a mountain .
enta	a person in a shirt and shorts is riding a bike
enta	the person is skating outside .
neut	a person is jumping over a racetrack to play in rain .
neut	the person is black as they were on a bicycle .
neut	a man is jumping made a bicycle to the snow .
neut	a man is bending hunting a bicycle .
cont	a man in a red shirt leans jumping on a trampoline .
cont	a person in a black shirt and grey shirt is jumping over a wooden trunk
cont	a person is jumping on the floor near the forest .
enta	a person is riding a bike .
enta	a person is riding a motorcycle outside .
young , attractive and fashionable girl posed for the camera as she sits on a rock in a park-like setting .
neut	the girl 's mother is posing .
cont	the girl is sitting on the ground .
cont	the girl is on a bench .
enta	the girl is posing for a picture
enta	a young girl is outside .
enta	a girl is posing for a picture
neut	a girl and her daughter are watching a girl .
neut	the girl just knocked off on the camera .
cont	a young girl eats a squid
cont	the girl is making a sandwich .
cont	girl rides a bike
enta	a young girl is using a camera .
enta	the person is sitting .
enta	a young girl is looking through the camera at a camera
enta	there is a girl
neut	the lady is wearing a pink costume .
cont	the elderly girls are standing in front of a piano .
cont	one asian girls left a large paint rock !
cont	a girl is working on the ground in a studio .
cont	the little girl is chained and playing poker .
enta	a girl is preparing the camera by this overhead .
enta	girls are looking at the camera .
two blond girls and 2 brunettes walking down a really long hallway with intricate paintings on the walls .
neut	two girls and one woman are walking down the hallway to get to the store
neut	the girls are wearing blue tennis shoes .
cont	two girls are playing in the park .
cont	they are playing in the park .
enta	two girls are walking down the hallway
enta	there are people walking on the room room .
neut	the girls are talking to the painting .
neut	the girls were wearing hats and shirts .
cont	three boys are watching a movie .
cont	three people in the forest are getting ready for bed .
cont	there are several blond girls sitting outside .
enta	a blond kids with three different different art clothes .
enta	girls 's walking in the hallway .
neut	the two girls were thinking to keep from the future of building .
neut	the three girls were on a sunny day before the day .
cont	the two boys are taking a picture of the campfire .
cont	two girls are shouting into two tires .
cont	two girls are napping tired in the window .
enta	two girls are approaching out of a walls in walls .
a boy with a concerned look it holding up two newspapers featuring a headline about murder .
neut	a boy is holding a camera as he looks at the news .
neut	a boy is holding up a picture of his friend .
cont	the boy is sleeping .
cont	the boy is playing with his dog
enta	a boy is holding a camera
enta	a boy with a camera is holding up a camera .
enta	a boy is holding a camera .
neut	a child in a hat holds up a photo shoot .
cont	a boy is resting on the beach
enta	a boy with a advertisement and a boy .
neut	a boy and his son are holding a picture of dresses .
neut	a boy finds for a picture of his husband .
neut	one boy is happy for a conversation .
cont	the boy is dancing in the basement .
cont	the boy is n't standing because santa 's afternoon .
cont	a boy is putting up a can of soup .
enta	a boy gives two two with two flags out .
a lone red , white , and black race car is being driven by a single driver on a racetrack .
neut	the car is a driver .
cont	the man is riding a bike in a race .
cont	a man is riding a scooter .
enta	a person with a red hat
enta	a race car driver is racing .
enta	a race car is racing on a racetrack .
neut	the baseball car rider is going to work .
neut	a ferrari car is about to be in a race .
cont	the blue and black racer stands alone the other 's car .
cont	the blue car is parked in the race for the first time .
enta	a person is riding a race car
enta	a car on a racetrack is being transported by a car .
neut	a person is going to arrive a car .
neut	a cyclist has an pride and racing is quickly .
cont	a security team was swimming at the race .
cont	a olympic jumper is driving down the sidewalk .
enta	a man is riding his race car while a vehicle .
a little girl in a pink soccer outfit standing in front of a soccer net
neut	the girl is playing soccer in the championship goal .
neut	the girl is wearing a soccer jersey and is playing soccer .
neut	a girl in a soccer jersey is playing soccer
cont	the girl is holding a baseball net .
cont	the girl is playing basketball .
cont	the girl has a white soccer net .
enta	there is a girl in a soccer outfit
enta	a little girl in a soccer outfit is standing by a net .
neut	the girl is very asian .
cont	a little boy with a blue flag standing in front of a soccer net .
cont	a boy is taking a nap .
cont	a little girl is taking a nap .
enta	a little girl is at the soccer game .
enta	a little girl is outside in the soccer stadium .
enta	a little girl is holding a soccer ball and play soccer .
neut	a girl in a pink outfit has won their goal
cont	a little girl came and a basketball tennis equipment .
cont	the little girl is wearing a red jersey .
enta	a child is standing up with a net .
enta	a little girl is standing with soccer net .
this wildly dressed couple are walking past a poster .
neut	the couple are at a wedding .
neut	two people walk past a poster for a wedding .
neut	the couple are wearing dresses .
cont	the couple is sitting on the couch .
cont	the couple is sleeping .
enta	a couple walk .
enta	a couple are walking past a poster
enta	the couple are walking past a poster .
enta	a couple is walking
neut	the couple is getting married .
neut	couple are a waitress
neut	tall humans dressed
neut	the dressed couple are heading to a restaurant
cont	the couple is standing in their hands .
cont	a man is having dinner at a restaurant .
cont	the couple are not wearing anything on their head .
enta	there are people in this picture .
neut	the blond woman is wearing a green and attire .
cont	a woman is running along the park with her chest .
cont	two police in the car dressed in front of a car .
cont	two blond children sit in a small poster .
cont	the people are sitting down and eating breakfast .
enta	a couple dresses walking with an hold .
men and women walking down a sidewalk next to a garden .
neut	a couple of people walk down a sidewalk to get to the store .
neut	the people are walking to work .
neut	people are walking to work .
neut	the people are going to a garden
cont	the people are sitting on the ground .
enta	people walking down a sidewalk .
enta	the people are walking outside
enta	there are people walking outside .
enta	a couple of people are walking outside .
neut	the adults are sisters .
neut	some adults have been walking down a sidewalk
neut	group of people walking to work
neut	several men and women walking down a sidewalk to get to the mall
cont	several people are running at the beach .
cont	the men and women are sitting on a bench in the park .
enta	people are outdoors .
enta	people walk near a garden .
enta	men walk down the sidewalk .
neut	the men have first a photo ready for the city .
neut	a group of men are getting ready to meet a fight .
cont	the people are driving down the snow .
cont	women are pushing a pig down the sidewalk .
cont	horses are walking through a big office .
enta	four men are walking down the sidewalk .
a korean gentlemen kicks up his leg .
neut	the chinese gentlemen are playing a game .
neut	a chinese horse is outside .
neut	the chinese gentlemen are playing a game .
cont	the chinese man is playing basketball with his friends .
cont	a chinese man is playing basketball .
cont	a chinese man is playing basketball .
enta	there is a person in a good hat .
enta	a chinese horse is outdoors .
neut	the man is kicking up a ball to a man .
neut	the older gentlemen have been their feet wet .
neut	a man is trying to make a call on his .
cont	a white man is at the movies .
cont	the man eats his lunch
cont	a man is knitting a suit .
cont	a gentleman plays the violin .
enta	the peopel are playing
enta	this guy is playing a game
enta	an asian plate is being played in a match .
neut	the streets are going to play with the side of .
neut	a man is preparing to get a sled run .
neut	a young man is chasing a ball into the side .
neut	a golden house is trying to make cool golf .
cont	the boy is still playing a video game .
cont	a dolphin is doing a whole .
enta	a man is splashing out of his legs .
a white-haired conductor is standing in front of an orchestra which is also standing , instruments in hand .
neut	a musician stands in front of an orchestra in front of a crowd .
neut	the musician is performing for a crowd .
neut	the man is a musician .
cont	two people play a game of scrabble .
cont	a group of people are sitting on a couch .
cont	the man is playing the guitar
enta	a person is performing a musician
enta	there is a musician stands near an orchestra .
enta	a man is performing with an orchestra
neut	a sad man is performing a dance .
neut	a man is performing for an audience of a large crowd .
cont	the musicians blow on a stage in front of an audience .
cont	the guitar player is performing at the library .
cont	the conductor is playing basketball .
enta	a man is standing at an instrument .
enta	a guy holding a large instrument .
neut	the man is proposing are facing for something .
neut	a security needs ancient to perform an instruments .
cont	the artist is all holding a tough into the band .
cont	a man union is on a bridge
cont	a man is beating a knife on the radio .
enta	a man sits outdoors with their instruments .
enta	a acrobat is giving a musical of people .
woman reading a book in a laundry room
neut	a sad woman reading a book in a laundry room .
cont	a woman is eating a sandwich .
enta	a woman is reading a book .
enta	a woman is reading a book .
enta	the woman is reading a book .
neut	a woman is reading the book on her way home .
cont	the man is working in a pool .
cont	the woman is swimming .
cont	a woman jogging is waiting for the bus
enta	there are people reading
enta	a lady reading a book with a book .
enta	a woman reads in a room
neut	a woman is reading a book in front of a shopping room .
cont	the machine floats in front of the closet below .
cont	a man is preparing to a bar .
enta	a woman in a shack are reading .
enta	a woman is reading a book behind .
rugby player in blue dives to tackle the ball carrier in white .
neut	rugby players are in a park .
neut	the rugby player is a woman .
cont	a man plays basketball
cont	a man is playing soccer in a white park field .
cont	a man plays basketball
enta	there is a rugby player .
enta	people playing a sport .
enta	two rugby players are playing outdoors .
neut	a rugby game in the middle of a game .
cont	a rugby player is shooting the baseball .
cont	a white player is sleeping in a tent
enta	someone is playing on the field .
neut	a person is jumping his team before high
neut	a goalie hits the ball up .
cont	they are having ice playing
cont	the kid plays after the game .
enta	there is a sports player with four ball .
a black woman on the street is talking on her cellphone .
neut	a woman is in a black dress .
neut	a woman is talking to her husband .
cont	a woman is sitting on a couch .
cont	the woman is on the beach .
cont	a woman is sleeping .
enta	a woman is talking on her phone
enta	a woman is outside
enta	the woman is talking on her phone .
enta	a woman is talking on her phone .
neut	woman is talking to her friends
neut	a woman was talking to her husband .
neut	a woman points at her phone and eats lunch .
cont	a woman wearing black and white is eating lunch with his family .
cont	one woman is drinking coffee
cont	a woman in a red outfit is riding the bus .
enta	a female lady with her cellphone in the street .
enta	a woman is watching the person .
enta	the woman is talking on the phone .
neut	a woman is going to and leaves on a seesaw .
neut	the woman is selling on her phone .
neut	the woman has a professional jockey
cont	a man is making a poem on his cellphone .
cont	a guy wearing a black woman is stuck on the street .
cont	a woman stands around looking at the beach .
enta	a lady and a woman are waiting on her phone .
enta	a person on the beautiful street ,
enta	the female is about on the street .
two women are embracing while holding to go packages .
neut	women are holding a new york city
cont	two women are eating at a restaurant .
cont	the women are sitting in the grass .
cont	two women are sitting in a chair
enta	women are holding onto .
enta	the two women are holding a good time .
neut	the two women are waiting for their friend .
neut	the women is going to buy a lot .
cont	two women are walking down the street
cont	the woman 's bike is on the couch .
cont	the women are drinking .
enta	there are women are working in the foreground .
neut	two women are happily about their picture with their coworkers .
cont	two men without their jobs in front of the building .
cont	two women are n't following their them out .
cont	two women are taking sandwiches in a tall table .
enta	two women are leaning against the human .
a band is playing on stage at a concert and the attendants are dancing to the music .
neut	the band is playing for a large crowd
neut	the band is playing for a crowd .
neut	the band is playing for a large crowd of people
cont	a group of people are sitting on a bench .
cont	a group of people are sitting on the ground .
cont	no one is dancing .
enta	a band is playing in a concert .
enta	there is a band in a band playing on stage .
enta	a band is performing .
enta	a group of people are dancing .
neut	there are three band band .
neut	there is a band performing for an audience .
cont	an orchestra playing in the concert hall .
cont	a band is resting at the beach at the park .
enta	some stage the stage are playing music .
enta	the dancers are performing music outside .
enta	a band plays on stage with the band .
neut	the visitors is well of new band to dancing .
cont	the man is performing a listening of the concert .
cont	a band performs playing volleyball .
enta	a band is being singing by each other .
enta	a band is dancing music in front of a band .
enta	a group is singing in stage .
a guy in a laundromat getting his things together .
neut	the guy is getting his hair done .
neut	the man is wearing a black shirt .
cont	a man is playing a game .
cont	a man is sleeping on a couch .
cont	someone is playing the piano .
enta	the man is wearing a laundromat
neut	a guy is going to eat
neut	a man is mixing his family .
neut	a guy with a saw hands with his hands to buy for a work
cont	a guy is walking in the field .
cont	a man is shaving his head .
cont	a man is attending a funeral in a museum .
enta	a man is holding a cloth .
neut	the man is trying to perform his favorite trick .
neut	the man is using a fire fire for his date .
neut	a man gets ready to go his hand and balancing him .
cont	a man is taking a nap before a dare .
cont	the man is reading a book before saturday .
enta	a guy is being out by a sink .
two little girls play in a fountain .
neut	the girls are playing in the fountain at the park .
cont	the girls are playing video games .
cont	the girls are playing in the pool .
cont	the girls are playing in the sand .
enta	girls play in a fountain .
enta	the girls are outside .
enta	two girls play in a fountain .
enta	two girls play in the fountain .
neut	the girls are ready to go swimming .
neut	the girls are running into the fountain .
neut	two little girls are having a conversation .
neut	two girls are going to go in a fountain .
cont	the girls are sitting down .
cont	the two boys have no shoes
enta	the girls are playing outside in the fountain
enta	there are girls playing .
enta	two children are in the fountain .
enta	there are two girls
neut	two girls are getting ready to eat money for two children .
neut	two girls are having a water party
neut	two little girls are running around to a fountain .
cont	two boys are playing soccer at the city fountain .
enta	many girls are playing in a fountain .
enta	two girls are preparing together in a fountain .
there are people at the train station waiting for their trains and other trains are whizzing by them .
neut	there are people at a train station waiting for their train to go home .
cont	the train is empty .
enta	people are waiting for a train .
enta	people are near a train .
enta	people waiting for a train
enta	the people are waiting for the train .
neut	the people are waiting for train to get out of the train station
cont	people are riding a bus .
cont	a group of people are going for a run .
enta	people are riding
enta	there are people gathered in front of the train station
neut	a woman and people are going to an execution .
cont	the people are traveling away from an atm .
cont	one people are running in an empty train station .
enta	people are participating in the train station .
enta	people are repairing train and passengers
two men with fake mustaches are dressed like archaeologist explorers .
neut	the men are dressed up for a wedding .
cont	two men are playing volleyball in the park .
cont	two men with a broken arms , are wearing sunglasses .
cont	two men with a broken wave
enta	two men with a same hair .
enta	there are two men with a bunch of bananas .
neut	the men enjoy bad ocean .
neut	someones looking for money in the park .
cont	a train full up for a movie .
cont	two guys are laying in the middle of a building looking at the ocean .
cont	a woman taking a test .
enta	the group of people have their feet and a man .
enta	two men are dressed for work .
enta	two men have on their own .
enta	there are two men in this picture
neut	a couple works are dressed up for their date .
neut	the men is doing of bananas to make the ground .
neut	two men are taking signs out for the first time .
cont	the men are ignoring another cure and has been their face .
cont	a asian man heads down at the beach
cont	two men are wearing fighting a fire .
cont	two men riding down the empty street and are dressed .
enta	people are hanging out in the distance .
enta	the men are working in the build .
a music conductor is leading his orchestra in a grand hall , where an audience is watching the performance .
neut	the director is a singer .
cont	a guitar player is performing in a band .
enta	the people are watching a musicians concert
enta	a musician is performing music .
neut	the musicians are training for the concert .
neut	a choir performs to a large crowd
cont	a child is taking a nap .
cont	a woman with a band is at a concert
enta	a group is performing at a concert .
enta	there is a large crowd of people playing music .
neut	a japanese comedian is trying on his solo concert .
cont	the singing is sculpture for supper
cont	someone is leaving two not a string .
enta	a bunch of people are playing an instrument
two girls play with origami .
neut	the girls are wearing tuxedos .
neut	two girls play with toys in a kitchen .
cont	they are playing with a ball
cont	the girls are sleeping
cont	the girls are playing video games .
cont	the girls are playing basketball .
enta	girls play with toys .
enta	two girls play with toys .
enta	two girls play with toys .
neut	the girls are preparing for an important task .
neut	the girls are playing with their mother 's mouths .
cont	the girls ran through the field .
cont	two girls are skydiving .
cont	boys playing hockey .
enta	the girls are performing with physical activity .
enta	there are girls playing .
enta	two girls are outside having fun .
neut	two girls are playing with ancient kids
cont	three guys are playing with batons in this air .
enta	there are 3 girls playing with each other .
enta	two girls are playing with their nose .
enta	two girls perform their toys .
a boy wearing a yellow jersey is accepting the baton from a female wearing a yellow jersey in a relay race .
neut	a boy is trying to win a race
neut	a boy and a woman are going to work .
cont	the boy is playing with a dog
cont	a woman and a boy are sitting on a couch .
cont	the boy is wearing a red jersey and yellow blue jeans .
enta	the boy is holding a machine .
enta	a boy is in a race .
neut	a boy is warming the race to the girl .
neut	a boy is performing in a race for the first time .
cont	the boy sits next to the woman .
cont	two girls are wearing blue school
enta	he is a woman
neut	the boy is waving in a lead because the police are on .
cont	two people are grinning at the dog .
cont	a girl in a red dress holds along the floor .
enta	a boy goes in a indoor race .
enta	a boy is carrying a group of young people in the crowd .
a man with white tennis shoes and an orange jacket , is sitting in a lawn chair .
neut	a tall human sitting
cont	the man is at the beach
cont	a man is playing with a dog .
cont	a woman sits on a chair .
enta	a man is sitting in a lawn chair .
enta	a man is wearing a jacket
enta	the man is sitting
enta	a man sits with a jacket
neut	the man is taking a break on the lawn .
neut	a man poses for a picture .
neut	a man is preparing to take a shower in the park .
cont	a man is skateboarding in the alley .
cont	a little girl with white socks is sitting .
cont	a woman is holding a blue jacket .
cont	a woman in red and an orange jacket is eating lunch .
enta	the man is in a lawn .
neut	a man is praying for a tennis drink .
neut	a man is at a party build .
cont	a man is on a tree field sunbathing .
enta	a man has clothes on with jeans .
a girl in a purple sweatshirt bends over backwards .
neut	a girl is doing a flip .
neut	the girl is a professional .
cont	the girl is playing basketball .
cont	a girl sits on a bench .
cont	the girl is in the blue sweatshirt .
enta	the girl is wearing a shirt .
enta	a girl is wearing a shirt .
neut	the girl is very much .
neut	a girl is chasing a dog to the toy store .
neut	a girl is about to go down the street .
cont	the girl in pink walks over the ocean .
cont	a girl is playing with a book
cont	a woman is cooking a cake on the beach .
enta	a girl doing moves over
neut	a girl in a black bicycle for her shirt is chasing .
neut	a girl is practicing hard over electronics .
cont	a girl in a blue cap is doing squats .
cont	a young girl is playing baseball at a beach .
enta	the girl is wearing a pink outfit .
enta	a girl is swinging in the air .
two young people in jeans looking at each other .
neut	the two young people are looking at each other in their clothing 's home .
cont	the people are at the beach eating lunch .
enta	two people are looking at each other .
enta	people look at each other
enta	two people look at each other .
enta	the people are looking at each other .
neut	two children are having their lunch break .
neut	it 's raining on the game of the two young people .
cont	two people watch a movie in the park .
enta	two people are wearing shoes .
enta	two people in jeans are happy .
neut	two young people are looking at the love of their day .
neut	some people are looking at their way to go .
neut	the kids are having fun playing .
cont	the emergency people are playing football .
enta	two people in shirts are looking at each other .
enta	two young people are getting their picture taken .
two women are posing with the naked cowboy in times square , new york city .
neut	they are taking a picture for the camera .
neut	two women posing for a picture
neut	there are two women posing for a picture in the city .
cont	a man and a woman are posing .
cont	the two women are posing with a donkey .
cont	they are at the beach
cont	the women are inside the building .
enta	two women are posing
enta	the women are posing with a cowboy
enta	two women posing with a cowboy .
enta	two women are posing with a cowboy for a group of people .
neut	a cowboy has taken his wedding for an audience to the store .
neut	the cowboy is a girl .
neut	two sisters are taking pictures .
neut	two women have a phone phone
cont	three women blow off a sand sand to get in the parade .
cont	the women is wearing a tuxedo .
enta	two women in front of a city store .
enta	the women dressed in winter clothes are on a city .
neut	two women have a big toy show on their honeymoon .
neut	two women are taking a photo of what he just upon .
neut	the women are discussing gallery to take halloween .
neut	the there are women on a blue top 's watch .
cont	the two women are burning their instruments in the center .
cont	the soldiers are asian in an open building .
cont	two women are walking across a city street .
enta	two women are standing outside , talking .
a black dog running through the forest .
neut	a dog is running through the forest to get a bath .
cont	a dog is sitting on a couch .
cont	a dog is sitting .
enta	a dog is running .
enta	dog running outside
enta	there is a dog running .
enta	the dog is running outside .
neut	a black dog in a race in the forest .
neut	a dog is chasing his tail to get to work .
neut	a black dog is playing with the ball .
cont	a white dog sitting on the beach playing with his friends .
cont	a dog is sitting by the forest .
cont	the dog sleeps
cont	two dogs are sleeping outside .
enta	a black dog runs on a forest .
enta	a dog running on the forest
neut	a man runs through the wet to get to a big .
cont	two waves are running down a busy road .
cont	a black dog walking to its legs and a yellow dog .
cont	a dog running in the crowd of aliens .
cont	a dog is laying on the sidewalk with a bear .
enta	the dog is running through the forest .
a black dog is running through a snow covered area while holding something green in his mouth .
neut	a dog plays with a toy .
neut	the dog has a toy in his mouth .
cont	the dog is running through the field .
cont	a cat sleeps on a snow covered floor .
cont	a dog is on a bed .
enta	the dog is playing outside
enta	the dog is running through the snow .
enta	there is a dog outside
enta	a dog has a snow covered mountain .
neut	the dog is happy .
neut	the dog running towards his owner
neut	a dog has his owner to play .
cont	a cat is chasing a cat .
cont	a dog is running down the street .
cont	a dog is taking a nap .
enta	dog running in snow
enta	a dog is running
neut	a dog is trying to get out of the road .
neut	the dog is curled up to get into the snow .
neut	a dog is running through a snowy , field .
cont	a dog holds a blue ball .
cont	a dog is relaxing , staring at the sky .
enta	a dog scratches his mouth and in the snow .
enta	dog jumps through the snow
a man in a black shirt sits beneath a ` no child left behind ' powerpoint presentation .
neut	a man sits and his child about to play a game .
neut	the child was happy
cont	a man is playing with a dog .
cont	the child is playing with a dog .
cont	the child is playing in the sand
enta	a man is giving a presentation .
enta	the man is looking at the camera .
enta	the child is giving a presentation .
enta	a man is giving a presentation to a child .
neut	a man is preparing for a news being his child .
neut	a group of people have doctors for a wedding .
neut	a man is sitting on a park bench at a fair .
neut	a father and son look at the altar of the ocean .
cont	the man is working on a car .
cont	a woman and child sit indoors .
cont	a man has a red shirt and is watching his son play
enta	a man and his child were behind a picture .
neut	the man is starting about a poster .
neut	a man who is trying to sell a new words .
cont	the man is wrapping a wall with the sun .
cont	a family is eating a hot day .
cont	a man is standing setting out of a mural at a party .
enta	a man is being served by a young child .
an older man is standing outside in front of a truck .
neut	the man is looking at the truck .
cont	the older man is sitting on the ground .
cont	nobody is standing outside .
enta	an older man is standing outside in front of a truck .
enta	a man standing near a truck .
enta	a man stands outside in front of a truck .
enta	a man is standing outside .
neut	a older man uses his belongings
cont	the man is on mars .
cont	a man is inside a truck with a baby and eating .
cont	the man is running around the yard .
enta	a man is near a truck
enta	a man and an outside on a truck .
neut	the male man is standing on the small truck .
neut	a man is passing pictures of his new truck .
neut	a black man with no matching shingles a tire .
cont	a young man standing near the two vehicle in front of a house .
cont	the man is racing toward the marathon .
cont	a man is playing a game of cops
enta	a man is outside the car .
enta	an old man stands outside wearing a truck .
an asian woman is looking at the camera while trimming asparagus .
neut	a woman is looking at the camera while cutting a window .
neut	a woman looks at the camera while she is looking at the camera .
neut	the woman is looking at the camera while she looks at the camera .
cont	a woman is looking at the window of a car .
cont	a woman is looking at a window camera .
enta	a woman is looking at the camera .
enta	the asian woman is looking at the camera
enta	a woman is looking at the camera
enta	someone is looking at a camera .
neut	a lady puts the view of her friend .
cont	the woman is knitting a dress .
cont	a man is cutting fruit to the sky .
cont	the woman is watching a movie in the theater .
cont	the asian woman is swimming in the ocean .
enta	the woman prepares fruit in the sky .
enta	there is an asian woman .
neut	the girl is looking at the man dressed as he practices .
neut	a woman is looking for a bubble ball .
cont	an african woman is looking at the camera before by the mountain .
cont	the woman is wearing a green and white dress .
cont	a woman is working on the airplane
enta	a woman is looking at the camera .
enta	a woman is looking at something of binoculars .
enta	the girl is painted at the camera .
older men talking and standing around .
neut	older men talking about a parade .
neut	men are talking and standing around at a party
neut	men talking and standing around at a party
cont	the older men are playing chess in the park .
cont	the men are at a bar
enta	older men are standing .
enta	men talking and standing around
enta	a man and men are talking and standing around
neut	the older men are talking to each other in a race .
cont	the men are laying down for lunch .
cont	several men are sleeping outside .
cont	a group of young women are getting ready to dive .
enta	people are talking .
neut	the men are going to go in the city .
neut	the men are ready to win the crowd .
cont	the men are talking at the table .
cont	no men are talking on the ground .
cont	the men are running around the distance .
cont	old younger man carrying a wall on the ground .
enta	some people are standing with each other .
a woman in a pink shirt is holding a hot air balloon with an american flag on it .
neut	the woman is a farmer
neut	the woman is a professional flag .
cont	the woman is wearing a pink shirt and holding a red balloon .
cont	a woman is holding a bag .
enta	a woman is outside .
enta	the woman has a flag on .
enta	there is a woman in a pink shirt .
neut	the woman is handing out the balloon .
cont	a man with a heavy yellow shirt is at home , fast asleep .
cont	a woman in green shorts holding a bucket of air airplane .
cont	a woman wearing green and a yellow shirt smiles while riding a unicycle .
enta	one woman is carrying a flag and a flag .
enta	the woman looked at the water .
enta	the woman poses with a flag .
neut	a woman is holding her way to a toy celebrating .
neut	a woman is trying to get a cup of tea .
cont	a woman is trying to leave a cat .
enta	her woman is wearing a pink shirt
there is a baseball player in a yellow shirt running midfield .
neut	a man is playing baseball for his friends .
neut	a man is playing a game of baseball at a baseball game .
neut	the baseball player is a professional player .
cont	a man is playing basketball with his friends .
cont	a person playing basketball
cont	the person is wearing a blue shirt
enta	a person is playing a game .
neut	a baseball player hits a game
neut	a baseball player is running on the field waiting for the other team .
cont	the player is sleeping on the sofa .
cont	a baseball player walks to his base in the stadium .
enta	the baseball player is wearing clothing .
enta	the player is running .
enta	a baseball player is wearing yellow clothes .
neut	the score is a very played .
neut	a group of brothers is running to win a game .
neut	the score is very strong for the game .
neut	the baseball player is about to fall the other player .
cont	a tennis player on the ground with his grandson .
enta	a person is playing a game with a bat .
a man in a white button-up shirt looks to the side while sitting at a table by the street .
neut	the man is waiting for his friend .
neut	the man is waiting for his wife to arrive .
cont	the man is at the beach .
enta	a man in a white shirt looks at the street .
enta	the man has a shirt .
enta	a man is sitting .
enta	a man is looking at a table .
neut	the back of the man 's birthday
neut	a black male is taking pictures for his friend .
neut	a man is reading the notes on the bench at a table .
cont	a man is working in a field .
enta	there is a man in a shirt and eating something .
enta	a man is watching something .
neut	the man is inside a table to make and laugh .
neut	a man is on a table with his mothers teeth .
neut	the man is a coworker sing on the street .
cont	a man in a white shirt and colored shirt are standing on a table .
cont	the man is staring at the building .
enta	a man is trying to another sitting .
a man is playing the trumpet .
neut	the man is playing the trumpet for a crowd .
neut	a man is playing an instrument for a crowd .
neut	the man is wearing a blue shirt
cont	a man is sleeping in his bed
enta	a person is near a guitar .
enta	a man is playing the trumpet
enta	the man plays an instrument .
enta	a man is playing the trumpet .
neut	a man is preparing to play an instrument in a band .
neut	a man is playing for the audience .
neut	a man is using the harmonica to make his musical instrument for his wife .
cont	a man is eating at a restaurant .
cont	the man is at home sleeping
enta	a man is blowing a instrument .
enta	the man is using a trumpet .
enta	a man is holding an instrument .
neut	its man drew at his band for the night .
cont	a man in the kitchen did not playing .
cont	a man is eating a strike .
cont	a man plays the guitar while singing .
enta	a person is playing the trumpet .
enta	a man is playing a song .
enta	the man is using his musical instrument .
kids being walked across a lot by an adult to a larger building .
neut	the children are getting ready to go to the store .
neut	the kids are playing with each other .
neut	kids are getting ready to go to a party .
neut	the children are getting ready to go .
cont	kids are playing in a sandbox .
cont	the kids are playing with a dog
cont	children are playing in a sandbox .
cont	the kids are playing with a dog in the park .
enta	kids are being watched by a person
neut	some kids are enjoying the weather .
neut	the women are looking at the adult
cont	the children are taking a nap .
cont	the kids are eating dinner in a kitchen .
cont	the kids are on the couch .
enta	kids are in a building .
enta	there is a group of kids .
neut	the children are walking on the city path to make a children .
neut	a children and his horse are ready for a argument
neut	the kids are listening to their school team .
cont	police angry running down the crowded room .
cont	the kids are trying to go swimming .
cont	the kids are running on the pavement .
cont	the children are riding their bikes down the mountain .
enta	the children stand down on the building
enta	the kids are both walking outside .
enta	various kids are being helped in by the structure .
woman is sewing in order to make a living in her country .
neut	the woman has a white sewing machine .
neut	the woman is sewing a dress for her friends .
cont	a woman is sleeping in her bed .
cont	a woman is sewing at a table in her office
enta	a woman is working .
enta	a sewing worker is sewing
neut	the woman works on a garden .
neut	the woman is a couple .
neut	the woman was a friend .
cont	woman drinking
cont	the woman is vacuuming .
cont	the woman is opening the man .
enta	a woman is using a sewing machine
neut	a woman cuts a flower outfit .
neut	a woman is working at a new gallery with her hands .
cont	the woman is mopping a garden .
cont	a lady is tossing a ham before .
cont	a man is giving a tv into office .
enta	a woman is working with a human pierced .
a man in a checkered shirt pushes a red bin in front of him while wearing something on his head .
neut	the man is trying to get a bank .
neut	man with red shirt pushes a baseball
cont	a man wearing a jacket sliding a yellow shirt
cont	a woman in a tie is working on a man .
cont	a woman wearing a back shirt is wearing a jacket while in a parade .
enta	a man is wearing a jacket .
enta	a man is wearing a jacket and is wearing a jacket .
enta	a man pushes a red shirt .
neut	a man is about to walk through his head and is taking a break .
neut	a man is getting his day to work
cont	the man is flying in the air .
cont	there 's a man fighting .
cont	a man rides his bike through his garage
enta	there is a man .
enta	guy is being photographed .
neut	a man is taking a break from his daughter .
neut	a man is thinking while working on his head in front of a red .
cont	a man is climbing out of a dead field .
cont	a man is skiing across a straight stretch .
cont	a man in the countryside are lying down .
enta	the man is on a shirt
enta	a man is out a arm in front of his head .
a white man in the shower has fashioned his hair into a mohawk hairstyle using soap suds .
neut	a man is using a large bubble bubble to make a lot of food .
neut	the man is a farmer
neut	a man with a white shirt is using a large bubble bubble to make a
cont	a woman is doing a trick .
cont	a man is cooking
enta	a man is using a large object
enta	the man has a white chair .
enta	the man is using a tongue .
neut	a white man examines his facial hair to a wedding .
neut	a white man with gloves on
cont	the woman is drinking from a plastic .
cont	the white man is drawing a fire
cont	a white man is serving food .
enta	a man is dressed to make a piece of ice .
enta	the man is near .
enta	there is a person and a dog .
neut	a man is welding a small hair properly .
neut	the man is making a beverage mouth .
cont	an asian man puts a flip on his hair alley .
cont	a man is mowing a tree while from play hopscotch .
enta	a man is stacking a flower .
enta	a person in the cold face and a floral hair is using him .
enta	a man is hanging his hair out .
the small girl is sitting in a harness , strapped to a tether , while others watch .
neut	the girl is wearing a swimsuit .
neut	it is a nice day .
neut	the girl is learning how to swim .
neut	the girl is in a race .
cont	the girl is playing with her dog .
cont	the girl is playing with her dog .
cont	the girl is playing with a kite .
enta	people are watching a girl .
enta	a girl is sitting in a harness
enta	a girl is sitting in a harness .
neut	a young girl is smiling with her family at the zoo .
neut	a small girl is about to jump on a harness
neut	a young girl in a blue tutu watching a girl play .
cont	a little girl was in the water alone .
cont	a little girl is standing on the beach with her friend .
cont	a little girl is sitting on an empty field .
cont	a small boy is playing with a doll .
enta	there are at least two people in the photo .
enta	a little girl tries to get .
neut	the little girl is directing to the world beach .
neut	the new child is inspecting a castle .
neut	a woman and blonde girl covering her height a turn .
cont	a girl is taking a nap with her pet .
cont	a little girl is pouring a can of crackers .
cont	a shark is being observed by a toothbrush .
enta	a person is being pulled by others .
police officer and his motorcycle in a crowd of people at a protest .
neut	police officer is protesting a race
neut	police officer was at a motorcycle event
cont	the police is driving a car .
cont	the police is driving a car .
cont	the police officer is sitting on a bench .
cont	the police is sleeping .
enta	the police officer is at a protest .
enta	a person and a motorcycle .
enta	a group of people are at a protest .
enta	there is a group of people at a protest .
neut	an american motorcycle officer is enjoying the police 's people walk in a group .
neut	a man has a honda on his way to work .
cont	the police officer is running away .
cont	police officers take a break in a car
cont	the police are running .
cont	two people are eating ice cream .
enta	the officer is riding a motorcycle .
enta	the police official near a peace .
enta	police officers in a crowd
neut	cousin getting waiting to avoid it at the protest .
neut	a female officer is performing an impressive story on the stage .
neut	a policeman is leading the young an employee .
cont	three boy are leaning in a field , being eaten .
cont	the skinny was was making to a taxi and falls into the street .
enta	the umbrellas of people are by in the crowd .
enta	some people are in a small audience .
a blond woman talking on her cellphone as her hair blows
neut	she is talking to her husband .
neut	a woman is talking to her husband .
neut	the woman is talking to her husband .
cont	the woman is sleeping
enta	the woman is on her phone .
enta	a woman is talking on her cellphone while walking .
enta	a woman is talking
enta	a woman is talking on her phone .
neut	the blond woman is an artist
cont	the woman is walking her dog
cont	the woman is wearing a black shirt and a cap .
cont	the woman is talking to a man
cont	a woman in the middle of a tuxedo is dancing on her cellphone .
enta	a blond woman is talking to an instrument on her phone .
enta	a woman is on the phone
enta	a woman is enjoying her hair
neut	a little woman is trying to put a boy .
cont	a girl is sculpting a basketball .
enta	a woman is with a cellphone in her living .
several young people standing next to ten-speed bikes .
neut	a group of young people are waiting for the bus to arrive .
cont	the people are sitting in the car
cont	the people are sitting on a couch .
cont	several young people are sitting on a bench .
enta	the people stand next to each other .
enta	the people are standing next to each other .
enta	several young people standing next to each other .
enta	a group of people are standing next to each other .
neut	the young people are enjoying a meal .
cont	the young people are standing around in a field .
enta	the group of young people are outside .
enta	people are watching a bicycle .
neut	people taking a tour are being followed by the donkey .
cont	the themselves are giving their horses bicycles .
cont	together are sipping between a flat wagon .
cont	some people are talking on their car bed .
enta	in the picture group of people are standing next to them .
enta	lots are filled with each other inside .
enta	at the people are displaying with safety .
several asian women dressed in black outfits and crowns are holding plates with food on them .
neut	the asian women are holding their food on the sidewalk .
cont	the women are dressed in black and blue .
enta	women are holding food on their food .
enta	the asian women are holding food .
enta	there are people wearing black and holding food .
enta	some women are holding food .
neut	some women are dressed up for an upcoming day .
cont	the women are modeling with a white .
enta	there are women wearing black .
neut	two women stand full fresh fresh of food .
neut	these women are stopped to eat food .
cont	women are running around different busy .
cont	the women are wearing white pink and white eyes .
enta	a group of female people are wearing costumes and in black .
enta	the group of women are holding plates of food .
a well dressed man and woman wearing floral dress dancing .
neut	they are going to meet
neut	an elderly couple dance .
neut	the couple are dancing in the background .
neut	the couple are dancing in a band .
cont	a couple is wearing a bikini and wearing a hat .
cont	the man and woman are wearing all black clothing and sitting down .
cont	the man and woman are wearing all black
cont	two men are wearing dresses .
enta	a man and woman are dressed up
enta	the man and woman are dressed up .
enta	a couple dances together
enta	the people are dancing .
neut	the couple is posing for a photo shoot .
neut	the man and woman are dancing to their school
neut	a man is gay and women holding up for a wedding .
cont	a man and woman sit on the couch .
cont	dog dressed in dress
enta	the man and woman are performing .
enta	a couple of people are dressed nicely .
enta	there are people folding
neut	the man is giving the presentation dance .
neut	a man is dancing against his modern joke .
neut	a guy takes a long jump after winning .
neut	the couple are being somewhat good , hugging to the ground .
cont	two men are cooking in the basement .
cont	a man and women are wearing foam pants .
enta	a lady is dancing with her hands .
enta	a person of a dancing walks .
enta	a man and a woman are dressed up
a guy playing an accordion with people listening and watching .
neut	people are watching a guy play an accordion and practicing .
neut	a guy plays an accordion in a band .
cont	a man is singing .
cont	a woman is playing music
enta	a man is playing an instrument .
enta	a guy plays an accordion .
enta	a guy plays an accordion and other people .
neut	rock man is practicing for a concert .
neut	an orchestra plays music for people .
neut	a man is playing an instrument at the park .
cont	the man is chopping an orange gun .
cont	a woman watching tv with friends .
enta	there is a guy playing an instrument .
enta	some people performing an instrument .
neut	a guy is about to play a flute
neut	a man performs his instruments for a people who goes .
cont	a man is sitting in a small pool .
cont	the man is playing an non drum .
cont	the man is playing an guitar solo .
enta	a man is enjoying playing an instrument .
enta	the guy is reading his juggling music .
the man and the lady are wearing glasses and sitting in red chairs talking to john mccain .
neut	a man and a woman are talking about their day
neut	the man and woman are talking about the news to see the man .
neut	a man and a woman are talking about their day at a concert .
neut	a husband and wife are sitting in red chairs talking to each other
cont	a man is wearing a hat and sitting in a restaurant .
cont	the man and woman are sitting in the grass .
cont	the man and woman are sitting in the grass
enta	the man and woman are sitting in chairs .
enta	the lady and the lady are sitting in red chairs .
enta	the two people are talking .
neut	a couple is reading the latest at a bar , waiting for the bus .
neut	two people smiling to the man in the chairs and the man is a singer
neut	the man is talking to his mom .
cont	a few people play tennis outside .
cont	a man and woman are dancing in the street next to a man .
cont	a couple are dancing
cont	a man is alone in a park with his wife
enta	the couple is talking on a bench .
enta	the man is sitting next to a woman
neut	the man is waiting for the surprise to make a drink .
cont	a woman is pushing out of a table .
cont	a woman and lady are wearing foam garb .
cont	the man is not taking a photo of himself .
cont	the man wearing glasses is using a sports chain .
enta	there are people conversing in front of the walls .
a man is standing in coconuts while trying to open one .
neut	a man is trying to get to the fruit with his friends .
neut	the man is selling something .
cont	a man is in the middle of the ocean .
cont	the man is sitting on the ground .
cont	he is sitting in a chair at the beach
cont	the man is selling a flower .
enta	a man is near some fruit .
enta	a man standing
neut	the manager uses a chainsaw .
neut	a man is standing to watch a man 's work .
neut	the man is about .
cont	a woman was taking a break from his mom 's house .
cont	a woman is watching the man with a baseball game .
cont	the man is standing in front of the butcher .
cont	a baseball player sitting on the beach .
enta	the man is making something .
enta	the man is ready for shade .
enta	a man has a lot of food .
neut	a man celebrates about others is looking at the fruit .
neut	a man is praying used trees to get to work .
neut	a young man is waiting for lunch through the flower .
cont	a man is standing on a picnic and watching football .
cont	a man is climbing a ramp on the beach .
enta	a man is working with things to get in .
enta	a man is seen enjoyed a romantic market .
the boy wearing the blue hooded top is holding a baby goat in his arms .
neut	a boy and a baby are in a park .
cont	a girl is holding a cat .
cont	a boy wearing a red shirt holds a baby .
cont	a girl in a dress .
enta	a boy is holding a baby in his arms .
enta	the boy is wearing blue .
enta	a boy is holding a toy .
neut	a boy is helping his baby to a baby .
neut	a boy is trying to hold his head to the top of the mountain .
cont	a girl is playing hide and seek
enta	a boy holding a baby in his arms
enta	a boy holds his toy .
neut	a child being ignored by an animal and stands in his bedroom .
cont	a boy is shooting his dead father .
cont	a puppy and his kiss kiss in the middle of a sandbox .
cont	the boy is standing on the way with his baby dog .
cont	a boy is holding flowers from his daughter .
enta	a boy is holding a baby of face .
enta	a boy in a jacket stands on a baby .
a man kneeling and a woman standing next to him .
neut	two people are waiting for the bus to arrive .
neut	the man is a cop
cont	the man and woman are sitting on the couch .
enta	a man is standing next to a woman .
enta	there is a man and a woman standing .
enta	a man is standing next to a woman .
enta	two people standing next to each other .
neut	a husband holding a woman who is standing to the ground .
neut	a man is leaning against his wife on a sunny day .
cont	the man is sitting on the couch .
cont	a man and woman riding to the beach .
cont	two women are inside the library .
enta	a man and woman stands next to each other .
enta	the man and woman are not standing .
neut	a man is trying to take a gesture before .
neut	two people are seen for a peace rally .
neut	a man is being dentist for a photo taken .
cont	a man eats a colorful picture and wearing a green .
cont	there is a child with a bear
enta	there man in the microphone
a man is walking in the same direction that a model airplane is flying in dried grassland .
neut	the man walks through the snow to the store .
neut	the man is looking for a model
neut	a man is walking in the rain
neut	a man is walking to the store
cont	the man is in the middle of the ocean .
cont	the man is in the middle of the ocean .
enta	a person walks
enta	the man is outside
enta	a man is in the snow .
neut	a man tries to stay at his job at home .
neut	a man is working hard at his job .
cont	a man is lost in the ocean .
cont	this woman gets ready to go down the airplane
cont	an man is watching his son get a taxi .
cont	a woman trying to get her son 's car .
enta	a man is walking along a vehicle
neut	a person is going to the view underwater wave .
cont	the man is just up into a science gym .
cont	a man stands in the middle of a mountain island .
enta	the man is walking in a landscape vehicle .
enta	a man is walking on the path .
a balding man is getting his shoes cleaned on a street corner .
neut	the man is a farmer
neut	the man is going to work .
cont	a woman is getting her shoes .
cont	a man is riding his bike on the street .
cont	the man is getting his shoes shined .
enta	a man is wearing a hat
enta	a man is wearing shoes .
enta	a man is wearing a hat
neut	a guy is getting his shoes on for a day .
neut	a barber helping a long shoes hair .
neut	a man has a blue sweat shoes .
cont	the old man is sleeping on the couch .
cont	the man is riding a bike .
enta	the man is cleaning
enta	a man is currently working in his shoes .
neut	a man is putting long socks on a street corner .
cont	a man pets a man in the streets .
cont	a man runs into a rings of shop .
enta	a person is preparing to take a back .
a man uses a projector to give a presentation .
neut	a man is doing a history presentation
cont	a woman is giving a presentation .
cont	the man is a blackboard
enta	a man is using a camera .
enta	a man is giving a presentation .
enta	a person is giving a presentation .
enta	the man is using a piece .
neut	a man is showing a lecture .
neut	the man is a famous singer .
cont	a girl is making noise
cont	a man is attending a wedding at the library .
cont	a young boy is doing tricks .
enta	the man is using a saw to make .
enta	a man with a cellphone is taking a picture
neut	a man teaches an figure act as the band .
cont	a man is inspecting a farm .
cont	the family is lighting dinner with a toothbrush .
cont	the man is taking a nap before his grandparents .
enta	a man is about to his hand .
beautiful red car among many at a car show full of excited car enthusiasts held on a tree lined street .
neut	the car is in a race .
neut	a red car is parked on the street in a race .
cont	car rider at the beach
cont	the car is in the middle of the street .
enta	a car is being watched by a car .
enta	there is a car being being by by a car .
enta	there are people outside .
enta	the car is at a car .
enta	there is a car in this picture .
enta	there is a car in this picture .
enta	the red car is being played by a car .
enta	a car is being played by a red car .
enta	the car is being watched by a car .
enta	a car is being watched by a car .
neut	several people are shopping for a new car in a big party .
neut	cars stand around a tree they are about to get on .
cont	a blue car is parked at a party .
cont	no one is on the street corner .
cont	an empty street with their favorite cars .
cont	the women are walking through the forest
cont	an car is parked at a casino .
cont	the cars on the ground are empty .
cont	a blue car has arrived in the ocean .
enta	there is a car parked .
enta	the people are watching a vehicle .
enta	some humans in a car .
enta	several people in a car car .
neut	the boss that a car is taking place on the cars .
neut	a skier waits for the next sign on it .
cont	church sleeping was sleeping on the sidewalk .
cont	the people are standing around in canada holding a friend .
cont	the bicycle is red and white .
cont	a yellow car is being dug by a black car .
cont	the group is under a tree and not ride their bikes .
cont	the small car is parked on the highway .
enta	there is a car being labor .
enta	there are three people and motorcycles in a car .
enta	outside is top on a fake car .
a group of men are on scaffolds painting a wall .
neut	the men are painting a wall for a birthday party
cont	women are painting a wall with a wall .
cont	the men are in a car
cont	the men are playing in the sand
enta	a group of men are on a wall
enta	a group of men are on a wall
neut	a man is watching his favorite soldier painting a wall .
cont	the men are driving a friend .
cont	a group of men are standing on a bench
enta	a group of people make a painting .
enta	some men painting a wall .
enta	there are many shadows .
neut	one men are working on a mural
neut	men are trying to buy a new wall .
neut	two men are having a conversation ready to practice .
cont	a group of men are betting before by enjoying a show .
cont	the men are sitting on the hillside wall .
enta	a group of men are leaning on the wall .
enta	a group of men and one outdoors .
a woman in a green shirt and jeans throws a spear toward a target in the background painted with a carrot across a parking lot
neut	a woman is holding a large clicked .
neut	the parking lot is full of people .
cont	the woman is sitting on a couch .
cont	a woman is sitting on a couch .
cont	she is playing with a dog in the park .
enta	a woman throws a ball .
enta	a woman throws a ball .
neut	women pushing a stick to an empty parking lot .
neut	the woman is a professional lady .
neut	a woman prepares to go to the park
cont	the woman is inside standing in the street .
cont	the boy is taking a shower in a park .
cont	a woman is drinking tea
cont	a woman is taking a nap on a bench .
enta	the woman is holding a . .
enta	the woman , woman is wearing a green shirt .
enta	a woman is traveling by a shopping cart
enta	a woman leans a job .
neut	the woman is their aunt son 's time .
neut	a woman is trying to sell some goods from a sidewalk .
cont	the man is shooting a camp drum .
cont	the woman is actually fishing on stilts .
cont	a woman is digging a hole by a small tree .
enta	the woman is wearing a green shirt .
enta	a woman is admiring a way in the parking lot .
a young man moving aside to let a young woman pass by .
neut	a young man runs with a woman at a park .
neut	the young man is holding a friend .
neut	the woman likes the woman .
cont	a young man is driving his car to the store .
cont	the woman is sitting on a bench .
cont	the man is driving a car .
enta	a young man is holding a young woman .
enta	a young man is holding a woman .
enta	the woman is holding something .
enta	the young man is holding a woman .
neut	a young man has a phone for his son .
cont	a man is using a bullhorn on a bench .
enta	a man is helping a woman .
neut	the young man is smiling at someone and his wife .
cont	the woman is breaking her turn to a girl .
cont	the cat rode the four wheeler
cont	a man is on a couch looking to go .
cont	a young man on a ground , then eat a gift .
enta	a young man is pushing a younger woman .
enta	a guy is trying to get a shot
enta	a young woman is trying to another by .
leaving the amusement park with lots of prizes .
neut	there is a large carnival in the park to get a bath .
neut	the fair is about to start the carnival .
neut	the carnival park is crowded with a new day of a family .
cont	the carnival park is empty with all of people .
cont	the people are at the beach
cont	people are buying food .
enta	a bunch of people are at a amusement park .
enta	there is more than one person .
enta	there are people at a amusement park .
neut	the crowd is hot .
neut	the place is filled for sale .
cont	running the space ship is very a nice view of the lincoln .
cont	a woman and her are upset in a doll .
cont	a boy is sleeping on the playground park a attraction .
enta	the people have drinks
enta	there are many people .
neut	this rain stand outside of the park were occupied .
cont	the bench is being worked by a house .
cont	the shopping hotel is taking place with the green pigeon .
enta	there is a a ad on the fair .
a small tan dog jumping out of the water
neut	a dog is playing fetch .
cont	a cat is jumping
cont	the dog is chasing a cat .
enta	a dog is jumping out of the water .
enta	a dog is outdoors .
enta	a dog jumping .
neut	the puppy is jumping out of the water .
neut	a big dog jumps around on the water .
cont	a man and woman are sleeping .
cont	a cat and a cat in the pool .
cont	dog sleeps
enta	a dog jumps into the water .
enta	a small animal jumps .
enta	there are water in the water .
neut	a dog chases his ball in a fish pool .
neut	the dog is jumping up and it 's owner .
cont	a cat is jumping down the pool of a field .
enta	a dog is jumping over a water .
enta	a person is jumping across the water .
enta	a dog is jumping out of the water .
a man with a tattoo on his left arm flips his food into the air with his frying pan .
neut	the man is making food for his family .
neut	a man is making food for a family .
neut	the man is a model
neut	a man prepares food to a family .
cont	the man is eating a sandwich in the kitchen .
enta	a man with a tattoo is working .
enta	a man with a tattoo is working on his face .
enta	the man is making food .
neut	a man tries to make food to his family .
neut	the man is making hamburgers for his family .
cont	a man is sipping his food and a haircut .
enta	the man is currently outdoors .
enta	the food , the man is working .
neut	the man is wearing a red and a mask for his food .
neut	the man is trying to sell various dinner .
neut	a man is involved at the restaurant thinking .
cont	a man is destroying his hand in the desert .
cont	a man is shooting off a mouse .
enta	a man pushes his food in the air .
an old man and a child walk together along a pathway near a building .
neut	a father and son are walking to the store .
neut	a man and his son walk near a building .
neut	a man and child are walking to the store
cont	the old man and child are walking on the beach .
cont	a man and a child walk on a beach .
cont	the old man is walking his dog in the park .
cont	a man and his son are sitting on a bench .
enta	a man and child are walking on the path near a building
enta	the old man and child are walking .
enta	a man and a child walk near a building .
neut	the man is going to the store
neut	the man is walking on a shopping center .
cont	a young man and a child are eating lunch at a restaurant .
cont	an old man and a child are driving to work .
cont	the man walks his child down the street
enta	two people are walking
enta	the man and child are walking along a building .
enta	an old child and child are walking .
neut	a father and child are ready to be washed by animal .
cont	the people are seated on the hillside sidewalk .
cont	a man is trying to see a shark .
enta	a group of people enjoy the outside of a building .
a man and his two sons purchase food .
neut	the family is buying food for the first time .
cont	the family is eating at a restaurant
cont	a man and his two sons are eating .
enta	a man and two other boys .
enta	a man and two other children .
neut	the father is working at the food restaurant .
neut	a man and his son are cleaning the food stand .
cont	a man and two boys are fighting over a ball .
cont	the man and his two children are running in a marathon .
cont	a man is washing his two children are .
enta	a man watches his two boys and it 's work
enta	the three men look at the food .
neut	a man and his favorite take food in the air .
neut	a man is trying to solve a restaurant before .
cont	two people are washing crates .
cont	the man is in a parade with two children .
enta	a man is trying on food .
enta	a man raising his child is looking at items .
enta	two groups things together in front of a shopping .
a man and woman look like they are having their picture taken in front of a famous building in france .
neut	the man and woman are taking pictures of the new york city .
neut	the man and woman are taking pictures of the new york city .
cont	a man and woman are sitting in a car in the city .
cont	a couple are watching a movie .
enta	the couple are looking at the picture .
enta	a man and woman are in front of a building .
enta	two people pose for a picture .
enta	there are people looking at the picture .
neut	the man and woman are a photographer .
neut	a man is taking a picture of his couple at a wedding .
cont	the man is stealing the child .
cont	a man watches a woman pose on a giant statue of a house .
enta	the man and woman are using a camera .
enta	people in a building are standing .
neut	the man is a professional painted woman .
cont	a guy and bride drink in the hallway .
cont	two lovers are asleep in front of a building .
cont	two women , a woman look in the cage of a building .
cont	the man and woman are standing in line for bus .
enta	people are holding photos of a building .
enta	the man and woman are in front of a building .
a man with a shopping cart is studying the shelves in a supermarket aisle .
neut	the cart is being given .
neut	a man is shopping for groceries
cont	a man is shopping for a dog 's house
cont	a man is shopping for a dog 's house .
cont	the man is sitting on a bench .
enta	the man has a cart
enta	a man is in a store .
enta	a man with a shopping cart
enta	the man is looking at a cart .
neut	the man was young
neut	the shop was attended a local project .
neut	the man is preparing for income for the day .
cont	a woman shows off a shopping cart to go out of the store .
cont	a man is surrounded by his wife .
cont	a man in his car with a shopping cart .
enta	a man is carrying a shopping cart .
enta	a man shows the store from his shopping cart .
neut	a man works after a bottle of things .
neut	a man comes at the store to eat pizza .
neut	a man is shopping for his next use during sale .
cont	the man is sitting on the park beach .
cont	a worker sells truck in a field .
enta	a man waits at another plant and works .
enta	there are two people enjoying their shopping cart .
a man cutting metal with a tool .
neut	a man is cutting metal to a statue .
neut	a man is cutting metal to a homeless man .
neut	the man is cutting a map .
cont	the man is sleeping .
enta	a man cutting metal with metal with a tool
enta	a man is cutting metal .
enta	a man cutting metal .
enta	man cutting metal with metal .
neut	the man is tending for work .
neut	a man cleans metal to rescue metal to a lot of metal .
neut	a man is using metal hands as a tool for his family .
cont	a guy eating some cereal
cont	a man cooking dinner .
enta	a man is making a piece of metal with his hands .
enta	a man is making some metal metal
neut	the man is burying his new instrument and is fixing a tool .
neut	a man fixing a reflective can to go out the floor .
neut	the man in tired chin his head is working .
cont	a man is going to kill a tree .
enta	a man is working on a sign .
a man and woman hug .
neut	they are getting married .
neut	a man and woman are smiling for a picture
cont	a man and woman are playing chess in the park
cont	a man and woman are sitting in a car in the park .
cont	the people are kissing .
enta	a couple of people .
enta	a man and woman are smiling
enta	a man and a woman holding hugging each other
neut	a man and woman are on their way to a friend .
neut	the man is talking to the woman in the dark .
neut	a couple is having a proposal
cont	the couple is laying down .
cont	a man and woman are sitting and talking with a man reading a book .
cont	the married couple is playing on the beach .
cont	the couple is taking a shower .
enta	the man is holding a woman .
enta	a woman and a man are smiling .
neut	a man and woman are holding a color community .
neut	a man and woman are standing in a war
cont	two people are taking bicycles in the park .
cont	a man and woman are sitting down in a picnic .
enta	people are gazing at each other .
enta	a person and woman are getting ready to be there .
a man and a woman repairing something .
neut	they are getting ready to go to work .
neut	the man and woman are fixing the light
neut	the man and woman are looking for a new date to be a crime .
cont	the man and woman are playing with a dog in the park .
cont	the man and woman are playing with a toy .
cont	the man and woman are playing with a toy .
enta	a man and a woman are repairing something .
enta	there are people repairing something .
enta	a man and woman are working .
neut	a man and woman are trying to get a project of a new york .
neut	the man and woman are waiting for the bus .
cont	a man is getting a haircut
cont	a man and woman are riding the bus
cont	a man and woman are washing laundry .
enta	they are digging .
neut	a man is repairing a craft .
cont	a man is giving a cat out of the air .
cont	a man and woman are sitting together .
enta	people and a man are getting ready to change .
a man sits on a bench beside his bike while viewing the scenery around him overlooking a busy city .
neut	the man is waiting for his bike .
neut	a man sits on a bench waiting for his bike .
neut	the man is waiting for his friend to arrive .
neut	a man is sitting on a bench waiting for his bike
cont	the man is riding his bike
cont	the man sits on the bench in the park .
cont	a man sits on a bench in the park .
enta	there is a man sitting on a bench .
enta	a man sits near a street
enta	a man sits on a bench outside the view .
enta	there is a man sitting on a bench .
neut	the man is waiting for his bike to get out of the city .
neut	a man sitting on his bike in the city for his first day of the
neut	a man is taking orders .
cont	a man is driving his bike on a bench by the ocean .
cont	a man rides his bike along the street .
enta	there are a man in a city area
enta	a man is on a bench .
neut	a man is doing a taxi for the tourists .
neut	a man is writing a small jump with the other sky .
cont	the man is petting the beach .
cont	a man is climbing the street .
cont	a man is driving a red bicycle down the road .
cont	a man is riding a bike down the sidewalk .
enta	a man is taking a bike over open .
dog standing in grassy sand dune .
neut	a dog is looking for a ball .
neut	a dog is looking for a friend .
cont	a dog is sitting on a couch .
cont	a dog is sleeping in the living room .
cont	dog sitting on the sand .
cont	a dog is sleeping in a bed .
enta	a dog stands in the grass
enta	dog standing in dirt dune .
enta	a dog is standing outside .
enta	there is a dog outside .
neut	a dog catches a frisbee in the sand .
cont	a dog is laying in the grass in the shade .
cont	a cat is ready to plant a goat in the yard .
cont	the dog is laying on a bench by the pool .
enta	there is a dog near the water .
neut	this dog is lost from the beach .
neut	a dog holding the vegetables of it to do a hole .
cont	a dog rides in a field of earth .
cont	the dog is not standing on them .
enta	a dog is standing by the sand dune .
a little boy is standing alone in a wooded park .
neut	a boy is waiting for his mother
neut	the little boy is waiting for someone .
cont	a boy is sitting on a couch .
cont	a girl is outside
cont	a boy is swimming in the ocean .
enta	the boy is looking at the trees .
enta	a boy is standing outside .
enta	a boy outside .
neut	a little boy in the park is going to the nearest of the park .
neut	a young boy is crying as he stands by himself .
cont	a young boy is playing video games with his friends .
enta	a boy and a woman are outside .
neut	the little boy in the park has fallen on it .
neut	a boy is waving out of a forest
neut	a boy is about in a tree .
cont	a boy without vegetables in a building , is wearing red .
cont	the boy is planting the shade of water .
enta	an individual holds up a wooded park .
a woman in green stands with her hands on her hips .
neut	a woman is standing next to her mother .
neut	a woman stands with her hands on her back in the park .
cont	a woman is sleeping .
enta	the woman is standing
enta	a woman in green stands with her hands .
enta	the woman is holding her hands .
enta	the woman is wearing green .
neut	a woman lost her husband 's ankle .
cont	a woman is resting near the moon .
cont	a man is taking a nap on her couch .
cont	a woman is wearing a black shirt and brown and blue .
enta	a woman in green stands with her hands on her shoulders .
enta	a woman with dark hair
enta	a woman is wearing a green shirt and a green shirt .
neut	a woman stands by her arm and praying to other .
neut	a blond woman is looking through her hands before the train .
cont	a woman is sitting down with her hands .
cont	the woman is sat in a man .
cont	a woman in pants with his one holding up .
enta	a woman is wearing a white shirt .
enta	the woman has long hand on it .
enta	an older woman stands around with her hands .
construction workers walk towards their next job .
neut	construction workers are walking to a meeting .
neut	workers are walking to a concert .
cont	the construction workers are working on their break .
cont	construction workers are standing on a bench .
cont	the construction workers are standing on the ground .
enta	there are construction workers walking
enta	there are construction workers walking towards each other .
neut	the workers are walking their house on a sunny day .
neut	a construction workers were putting on a big project .
cont	workers are walking on the beach .
enta	construction workers walk towards an area area .
neut	construction workers are about to be closed and juggling .
cont	the working are riding in a dimly line .
cont	a woman sleeps in front of the workers
cont	the construction worker is sitting on the ground .
enta	people are visiting the back of a construction .
enta	some people are walking past their construction .
a man in a blue polo raises his wineglass to toast .
neut	the man is a farmer
neut	a sad man in a blue outfit holds his arm
cont	the man is in the ocean .
cont	man eating a sandwich
enta	the man is preparing a meal .
enta	the man is getting ready to eat .
neut	an adult wearing a blue polo suit is holding a stool .
cont	a man throws his grill
enta	a man with something is brushing his food .
enta	the man is touching a plate .
enta	a man is working .
neut	a man with his brightly water raises in his date .
cont	a man angrily as he takes a drink of water .
cont	a man is being dug by a girl .
cont	a man is climbing his tent before a campfire .
enta	a person is standing underneath the produce .
several men in protective suits are rolling a man on a gurnee .
neut	they are working
neut	the men are in a black and uniform
neut	the men are doing tricks on a man in the air while riding his friend
neut	several men are doing a trick for a crowd
cont	a group of women are playing a game of basketball .
cont	the men are in a car
cont	the men are playing a game of basketball .
enta	the man is working .
enta	men are doing something together .
enta	a man on a man
neut	the men work together
neut	workers are having a conversation .
neut	there are men away from their horses .
cont	a clown lands a man .
cont	the men are lying on a couch .
cont	some guys in protective suits are taking a break at a bar
enta	there are men in a unique time
neut	the men are training while congregate watch to a man .
neut	men scouts are going to leave the restaurant .
neut	the men in clown hats are cleaning the heavy .
cont	the men are riding the zoo in once .
cont	three men share their walk at the store .
cont	a man is driving a single kitty .
enta	two humans move some life .
enta	the man has umbrellas on a step .
a young boy in a field of flowers carrying a ball
neut	the boy is playing with his dog in the field
neut	the boy is playing with his dog .
cont	the boy is playing in the sand .
cont	a young boy sits on the ground
cont	a boy plays with a dog
cont	a boy plays with a dog in a field .
enta	a boy is holding a ball .
enta	there is a young boy playing ball
enta	a boy in a field of flowers
enta	the boy is playing with a ball
neut	a young child is going to play .
neut	the ball is white
cont	the child hit the tree
cont	a young boy is watching tv
enta	a boy is running with a ball
neut	a young boy is helping a play with flowers on .
neut	a little boy in a field going to eat pins .
neut	the young boy is plotting to kill someone .
cont	a young boy is standing by some fallen water .
cont	the boy went for a basketball .
enta	a young boy waves at a ball .
enta	a boy is riding a ball of flowers .
a girl in a hate with ear flaps and a sweater .
neut	a girl is playing with her friend .
neut	the girl is a professional
neut	a girl is playing with her mother in a park with her ear .
neut	a girl is wearing a black shirt
cont	a girl is playing with her dog .
enta	the girl is wearing a scarf .
enta	the girl is wearing a sweater .
neut	a little girl wearing a scarf with a sweater is doing a trick for the
cont	a boy is throwing a ball in the park .
enta	there is a girl and a smile .
enta	there is a girl .
enta	a girl is belly and a sweater .
neut	the girl is taking a reflection break .
neut	a girl is trying to get out of the measuring flowers .
neut	the girl is sitting because she has trouble to each other .
cont	the girl is picking rocks by herself .
cont	a young girl is mopping down the sidewalk with a dark yellow stripes .
cont	a girl is baking a man in a chair .
enta	a girl looks up at the ears .
two little kids laugh on a blue swing .
neut	two kids play at a park
neut	the kids are laughing at a joke .
neut	the kids are playing in the park .
cont	the kids are sleeping
enta	two kids are laughing on a blue swing
enta	two children are laughing
enta	children are playing on a swing .
enta	there are children playing outside .
neut	two kids are getting ready to go on a school ride .
neut	two kids are laughing on a school playground .
cont	the boys are sitting down .
cont	two adults are sitting inside a house .
cont	two children do n't crying .
cont	two kids are running a race .
enta	a couple kids are hanging on a swing .
enta	two kids are riding .
neut	two outfit work with jump on the school alley .
neut	two children are being skilled to each other in a blue swing .
cont	the kids are running around the corner playing .
cont	the kids are taking a picture during the television show .
enta	children at the big set of a swing .
a man is sitting with his brown and white dog .
neut	a tall person sitting .
cont	a man is playing with a dog .
cont	the man is sleeping on the couch .
enta	the dog is outside .
enta	a man is outside .
enta	a dog sits with a dog .
neut	a boy is having fun at the local dog groomers .
neut	a man stares a black dog on a rainy day .
neut	the man is a labrador
cont	two dogs chase each other .
cont	the woman eats the dog in the park .
enta	a man is sitting and holding his dog .
neut	a man is sitting with his owner ready to go .
neut	a man is having a dog during his girlfriend
neut	a dog 's plane was swinging in the woods .
cont	the sweaty dog is reading a book .
cont	a man pulls to find a dog .
cont	no dog was a very dog
enta	a man is being used a dog .
enta	a person is taking a small adults .
a young boy playing in a bubble playing in water .
neut	the boy is playing in a bubble bubble with his friends
cont	a boy is sitting on the couch .
enta	a boy plays in the water .
enta	the boy plays .
enta	a young boy is playing .
enta	a boy is playing outside .
neut	a boy is doing his tricks on the pool .
neut	the boy play in a pool
neut	the young boy is playing in a tutu rain .
cont	a child is playing baseball
cont	nobody is playing .
cont	a boy is playing by the fire .
cont	a boy playing video games
enta	a young boy plays with water
neut	a boy tries to give a bubble play in the water .
neut	a boy wears a special colored broken pool .
neut	a young boy is comforting his time rope .
cont	the young boy is taking a nap in the city .
cont	a young boy is sitting on a park pool .
cont	a young boy helps at the camera .
enta	a young boy is playing with a boy .
a brown dog runs through a field .
neut	the dog is chasing a ball .
neut	a dog is playing fetch with a master .
neut	a dog runs through a field of a dog .
cont	a dog sleeps on the couch .
enta	the dog is outside .
enta	there is a dog running through a field .
enta	the dog runs through a field .
enta	a dog is running outside .
neut	the dog gets ready to bowl .
neut	the animal has a ball .
neut	a brown dog is running in a field with owner .
cont	the dog is cooking a sandwich .
cont	the dog is a cat .
enta	a dog is outside .
neut	a dog runs through the field to meet a master .
neut	a dog is catching a bone in the field .
neut	a dog is running through a field of legs .
neut	a dog is doing a ball to the same .
cont	the dog is sleep on their grass .
cont	the dog is both left on a cushion .
cont	the dog is walking to a huddle .
cont	a bunch of dogs are in a store .
enta	a dog is running along a field .
enta	the brown dog is running through the field .
a boy is standing at the edge of a wave with the sun setting or rising in the background .
neut	the boy is trying to jump up the wave
cont	the boy is sitting on the beach .
cont	the boy is standing on the ground .
cont	the boy is sitting in the grass at the park .
cont	a boy is watching a movie .
enta	the boy is in the air
enta	a boy is standing outside .
enta	the boy is outside on a wave .
enta	the boy is on a wave .
neut	a boy in the park plays the song of the wave .
neut	a young boy is getting ready to play a game of fetch .
cont	a boy is on a playground
cont	the boy is sleeping .
cont	a boy is watching tv
enta	a boy is ready to pose in the sun
neut	a boy is going to bury a wave .
neut	a boy is excited and outside of the top of a school competition .
cont	a boy is standing on the beach with an empty wave .
cont	a boy is setting boxes at the beach .
cont	a kid is in a bathroom kicking pies .
enta	a boy is with a large wave .
two power walkers walking beside one another in a race .
neut	the two dirt riders are going to work .
neut	two men walk to work
neut	two people are walking to work
neut	two men walk next to two men walking next to two racers .
cont	they are walking on the beach .
enta	the two people are outside
enta	the two people are outside
enta	some people are outside .
neut	two people wait for the sun .
neut	the men are wearing different clothes .
neut	the two construction workers got ready to go on the track .
cont	two people run to the store
cont	the two men are walking down the street .
enta	two people working on a race .
neut	the competitive of are racing riders jogged home .
neut	the four people are bundled up and in the race .
cont	two bike eat another on the city street .
cont	three people are sitting down and watching someone .
cont	the motorcycles are white in the city .
enta	the four cyclists are in the back of a race .
a man is leaning out of a window to paint some decorative iron white .
neut	the man is a model .
neut	the man is a model
cont	a man is in a restaurant eating a sandwich
enta	a man is standing outside of a window .
enta	the man is painting a window on a window .
enta	a man is leaning out of a window .
enta	there is a man leaning out of a window
neut	a man is taking careful on a project .
neut	he is a self project .
cont	the man is sleeping on the beach .
cont	someone is painting on a school .
cont	the man is sitting on a couch .
cont	a man is running on the grass with some of life .
enta	guy is using a window
enta	the man is standing
enta	a guy is using paint on a window .
enta	a person paint in a window .
neut	the man is tired before the saturday of a window .
neut	a man scientist is making canvas of his new commercial paper .
cont	a man in the red kitchen chair empty into a window .
cont	a man is cleaning up the floor .
cont	the man is not taking a book laying .
enta	the man is outdoors with art .
enta	a man in squatting and stand on a window
enta	a man is looking against a window .
people are pulling a big green tractor .
neut	the tractor is a big brown .
neut	people are pulling a large tractor
neut	a group of people are pulling a large large large large large tractor
neut	people are pulling a large large tractor
cont	a group of people are playing basketball
cont	the people are playing in the sand .
cont	the tractor is a solid color .
enta	people are outside
enta	people are near a tractor .
neut	a group is getting ready to go to work
neut	the people are pulling a large tractor .
neut	tourists are going to get out of the truck .
cont	two people are competing in an empty field .
cont	there are people eating a meal .
cont	people sleeping
cont	a group of people climb off the red tractor .
enta	the dirt tractor is being painted by people .
neut	kids are looking at the other white vehicle .
neut	people are going to their nephew they watch .
cont	people race a red wagon .
cont	they are running excitedly .
cont	the men are swimming in the pond .
enta	people are dirt their cart .
a little baby with dirty fingers and smudges on her face points to her blue eye .
neut	a baby is trying to get a ball .
neut	the baby is in the crib .
cont	a woman sits on a couch .
enta	a child is wearing something .
enta	the baby is wearing a blue outfit .
enta	a child is holding a face .
enta	a baby with a blue cap , a blue cap
neut	the baby is reaching for the ball .
neut	a little baby is being pushed in a blue baby boy .
neut	the child 's face is very hungry and looks at the eyes .
neut	the baby is happy .
cont	a baby wearing an wings is fighting with his friends .
cont	the baby is painting a hospital bed .
enta	a little baby with child
enta	there are two children in the eyes .
neut	the baby is experiencing screaming on a little man .
neut	the baby is feeding the toy .
neut	a baby is getting ready to be a tan .
cont	the little baby is put to play with a flute .
cont	a little baby is playing tennis with her dog .
cont	a small baby sleeps on her head after herself .
cont	a baby is playing with a ball of her eyes .
enta	the baby is having in both hand of paint .
a kid hitting a baseball in a baseball field .
neut	a kid playing a game of baseball at a baseball field .
cont	the kid is in the classroom
cont	the kid is on the beach .
cont	the kid is inside the house .
cont	two boys are playing basketball .
enta	a child is playing baseball .
enta	a kid is playing baseball outside
enta	a child is playing baseball .
enta	the kid throws the baseball .
neut	a kid does a trick to go to the game
cont	a young girl is playing a sport between the field .
cont	the kid is sitting on the floor
enta	the kid is in the field .
neut	the little boy is outdoors for enough up .
neut	a boy is running around with his friends
neut	a young boy is at a baseball team playing .
cont	the boy is jumping the head with a baseball .
cont	a young man is swimming drinking a banana .
cont	the kid is the boy fishing for a football .
enta	a kid is wearing he baseball .
two teenagers in green and brown coats pose for a picture while out shopping .
neut	the teenagers are taking a picture of the camera .
cont	the people are sitting in a chair .
cont	teenagers are playing with a dog .
enta	there are two teenagers in the picture
enta	the people are posing for a picture .
enta	teenagers are posing for a picture .
neut	some girls are watching a picture of the day .
neut	two people are shopping for their wedding .
cont	two teens take pictures of the shower .
cont	one child is wearing a feathered jacket .
enta	some teens are looking at a picture .
enta	the boy posing in the picture with the picture
neut	the snow is discussing to watch the children .
neut	two friends are going through the art school .
cont	the kids fell down the walls of a town .
enta	two people dressed high with a painting .
enta	two females are shown being stood .
an old woman in a green and blue plaid shirt is standing on a crowded sidewalk smiling .
neut	an old woman is standing on a street corner her way to the store .
neut	a woman is waiting for her husband to arrive .
cont	the woman has no legs .
cont	the woman is wearing a blue shirt .
cont	a young woman standing on a crowded sidewalk
enta	the woman is in a green and blue shirt .
enta	a woman is standing on a sidewalk .
enta	the woman is outside .
neut	a woman is staring at her old woman .
cont	a woman is taking the bus to the store .
cont	woman running
enta	an old woman in a striped shirt is standing up .
enta	the old woman stands on the sidewalk
enta	woman on a street
neut	the elderly woman is standing with the light of their favorite clothes .
cont	the woman is wearing a red suit and blue .
cont	the woman is seated and all wearing white
enta	the woman has a blue shirt .
a white male with blond-hair is drinking beer .
neut	a man is drinking beer at a bar .
neut	a man drinking a beer in a cafe .
neut	man drinking beer for his family
neut	a male is drinking beer at a bar
cont	a man sits in a chair
cont	a woman is drinking coffee .
cont	a man is sleeping in his bed .
enta	a male is drinking beer .
enta	a man is drinking .
enta	a male is drinking beer .
enta	a man drinks a beer
neut	the man is wearing a red skirt .
neut	a farmer drinks from a beer meal for his family .
neut	a white man and his golf are drinking beer
cont	a white man is selling his wife .
cont	a man is fishing and his family is fishing .
enta	the drink is being held by a man .
enta	a human being milk .
neut	a person is drinking a beer after .
cont	the biker is standing around a field .
cont	a man is drinking tea in his green room .
cont	the person is eating a tray of water .
cont	there is a male finished a riot and over .
enta	a guy is having a beer under them .
enta	a person with three tables are having a glass of beer .
several bicycles parked and a couple walking together .
neut	the people are walking to the store to get to the store .
neut	several people are going to work .
neut	several people walk to work on a sunny day .
neut	a group of people are going to the mall
cont	several people riding bikes
cont	the people are walking around the house .
cont	several people are riding bikes and other bikes .
enta	some people walking
enta	a couple of people are walking .
enta	there are people on bikes
enta	the people are walking outside .
neut	the couple is heading towards the sun .
neut	a couple is taking their bikes to their home .
neut	the family is a couple in a black suit .
cont	the motorcycles are sitting in their cars .
cont	there are two bus in a field .
cont	the couple is at home sitting .
cont	some people are watching tv .
enta	there are vehicles pictured with water .
enta	there are children walking in a road .
neut	a couple of cars are going to buy some tricycles .
cont	the bike car is running down the road .
cont	a four people in bikes are walking past the sea .
cont	a child takes not race around the pool .
enta	the children are next to each other .
a group is gathered outside holding flowers .
neut	a group of people are holding flowers in a bar .
neut	a group is gathered for a concert to have white flowers .
neut	the people are holding flowers for the first time .
cont	a group of people are at a baseball game .
cont	a group of people are sitting in a chair
cont	a group is sitting at a table .
enta	the group is holding flowers
enta	people holding flowers .
enta	a group of people are holding flowers
enta	the people are holding flowers .
neut	the group is gathered at the party for the first time .
neut	the group of children were talking
neut	the group of children are holding flowers and flowers and their flowers .
neut	a group of senior citizens are holding flowers .
cont	a bunch of guys are indoors .
cont	a bunch of people are not holding flowers
cont	a crowd watches a mean man walk
cont	the group was standing on the floor .
enta	the people are holding the flowers .
neut	a group of performers are smiling at the flowers .
neut	the group are waiting for someone to pick them .
neut	a big group of people are holding flowers in the future of flowers .
cont	the crowd of people are inside the circus .
cont	a group of people are not about to go across the sky .
enta	the people are next to the flowers .
a shopper buys cat food at a walmart
neut	the cat is a farmer
neut	the cat is a farmer
cont	the cat is running away from the menu .
enta	there is a cat with a cat
enta	the cat is selling food .
neut	a sad person is selling meat for a family .
neut	a person is getting the haircut for the day .
neut	a customer is watching a july
neut	a tourist makes an atm for an audience .
cont	the person is in a movie .
cont	a man is asleep in his bed .
enta	a tourist is selling food .
enta	a toy is selling food .
enta	the person is getting a sale .
neut	the person is being food for lunch .
neut	a person is flirting what they can get to eat
neut	a worker is expensive to buy from a cans of food .
cont	a passerby is sitting on a large beach .
cont	a teenager is sipping dog at a renaissance .
cont	the dog is examining a machine while other people .
enta	cheese is being held by a present .
two cars are parked by a body of water by some cranes .
neut	a car is parked by a large boat
neut	two cars parked by the water to catch a ball .
neut	two cars are parked by a lake on a sunny day .
cont	the two cars are parked in the desert .
cont	the cars are in the desert .
enta	the two cars are parked by the water .
enta	two cars parked by a water by the water .
enta	the cars are parked by the water .
enta	two cars are parked by the water .
neut	vehicles are reading by a lake .
neut	two cars are parked in the rain .
neut	the vehicles are floating through the water to be picked up .
cont	the cars are going through the sky .
cont	the vehicles are in a shopping center .
enta	two cars are parked near a tube
enta	there are two cars on the water .
enta	two cars are in the water .
neut	the two cars wait wait to get in the air .
neut	a railroad vehicles has four fire beams .
neut	two cars are racing the firetruck and other firemen .
cont	a couple of cars are running around the fire .
cont	two people are fighting in the scene .
cont	two cars are running through a construction water .
cont	motorcycles are flying on a lake .
enta	the two cars are outdoors walking with the gas
man is chopping wood and is about to be pushed over by another person .
neut	the man is a farmer .
neut	they are in a play
neut	the man is a farmer .
neut	the man is cleaning up with his wife .
cont	the woman has a hat .
cont	two women are playing with a toy .
enta	the man is cleaning wood and a person is pressing .
enta	someone is using a tool to make a piece of wood .
enta	the man is cleaning wood and a person is chopping wood .
enta	a man is cleaning .
neut	the man is treading wood in his driveway .
neut	the man is celebrating a birthday .
cont	a man and his dog are drinking coffee while a man watches .
cont	the man is sleeping on the ground
cont	the man is mopping the tree .
cont	the man is standing next to a van
enta	the man is making wood .
enta	a man cleans some wood
neut	a man is checking his bill before apple fire .
neut	a man is using his painted to clean up the ceiling .
neut	an old man is cutting his wood looking from cans in a restaurant .
cont	a man is scooping tomato with a octopus .
cont	a man is brushing paper from a dog .
cont	a man in the middle kitchen leans with a black excavator .
enta	a man is planting dirt with another person .
a group of people are sitting under umbrellas on the beach .
neut	a group of people are sitting under the beach on the beach in the park
cont	the group of people are sitting under the sun
enta	a group of people are sitting down .
enta	the people are outside .
enta	a group of people are sitting under the beach
enta	people are outside .
neut	the beach is made .
neut	the group of people are enjoying the beach .
cont	a bunch of people are swimming in the ocean
cont	there is only one people sitting by the ocean .
cont	three people stand on the beach
cont	the people are jumping in a swing
enta	a bunch of people sit on the beach
enta	there are people in this picture
neut	people are currently coming down a beach .
neut	many people have pants on , at the beach .
cont	a group of people are sitting inside with their umbrellas .
enta	some people are out on the beach .
a crowd watching a soccer match .
neut	the people are watching a soccer game in the park .
cont	there is no one watching the soccer game .
cont	the people are sitting on the couch .
enta	a crowd is watching a game .
enta	the people are watching a soccer game .
enta	the crowd is watching a soccer game .
neut	the group of people just got done playing soccer .
neut	two friends are playing soccer
neut	a festival is being played for the team .
cont	they ride their football field in a field .
enta	a group of people play soccer at a soccer match .
enta	there is a crowd watching .
neut	a girl is trying to get more than children .
neut	the happy soccer team is trying to begin a world .
cont	the crowds is crying for a net .
enta	a crowd of people are watching a soccer game .
enta	a person is trying to take a soccer .
tall man being stopped by an officer .
neut	a man is going to the nearest for a job
neut	the man is wearing a blue shirt .
neut	a man gets ready to go to the store .
cont	the man is sleeping on the couch .
cont	a man is sleeping .
enta	a man is going to an officer .
enta	a person in a uniform .
neut	the man is training for a race .
neut	an officer practicing at the police officer
cont	a man is running away from a police officer .
cont	an officer watches his horse .
cont	a man is taking a nap on the beach .
cont	a man works in the park
enta	a person is taking the police .
enta	man carrying his safety
enta	one man is standing by the guard .
neut	the man have tires while looking at the police .
neut	a man is talking to a man that are raised .
neut	the man is trying to cook the construction market .
neut	an orange man does another direction while the officer .
cont	a man is running over a group of people .
cont	the man is taking a nap by the fire .
cont	the man is running down the street
enta	a man is on a camera
a small boy purchases vegetables from an older man .
neut	two boys are buying vegetables for the first time .
neut	two boys are in a blue dress .
neut	a boy is looking for a new fair .
cont	a man chases some vegetables
enta	a boy is looking at produce .
enta	a boy is looking at vegetables
neut	a boy shows his family of fresh flowers .
cont	the boy swims in the ocean .
cont	an older man is lying on a park bench
enta	a boy is near some vegetables .
neut	a sad boy is making food while another old man sleeps .
cont	the boy is checking packages from the man .
cont	the boy is out at the woman 's face .
enta	a soldier is getting ready to be being by a young man .
a young boy and young girl both wearing shorts stand face on the street while an adult 's arm can be seen nearby .
neut	two children are playing with a white young girl 's arm .
cont	the boy and girl are sitting in the park eating a sandwich .
cont	they are at the beach
enta	there are two young people standing next to each other on the street .
enta	the young boy and girl are standing next to each other .
enta	there is a young boy and a girl standing on the street .
neut	a young boy and boy are trying to get their family out on .
neut	the little boy and his mother are lost .
neut	a young boy and his brother are meeting for the first time .
cont	the boy is on a park ride
cont	a girl is studying studying .
cont	the young girl is watching tv
enta	there are two children outside .
enta	there is a boy and girl .
neut	a young boy poses with her brother in the sidewalk
neut	kids are trying to convert one of their child .
cont	this girl is running with the adult heads of their son .
enta	two people are standing on the street
a woman in a red and white jacket riding a bicycle .
neut	the woman is a professional .
cont	a woman is sleeping on the bike .
enta	the woman is riding a bicycle .
enta	a woman is wearing a jacket .
enta	a woman is riding a bicycle .
enta	a person on a bike .
neut	a woman in a red and white jacket got her job
neut	the woman rides his bike in the city .
cont	a man is on a tour running in a field .
cont	someone is riding an elephant through the park .
enta	a woman is making noise .
enta	a woman is going up riding a bicycle .
enta	a woman is wearing a jacket .
neut	the woman is driving to work .
cont	a girl is swinging dressed at a range range .
cont	a woman is jogging under the aisle of a window .
cont	a woman is cleaning the dirty down red .
enta	the woman is riding a bicycle with her hands .
enta	a woman stops a bike while it wearing the scarf .
a dark-haired drummer is playing his set with enthusiasm .
neut	a drummer plays a game with his friend .
neut	a drummer is playing his guitar for a crowd .
neut	a man is playing a game with his family at a park .
cont	a dog eating .
enta	the drummer has a hat .
enta	a man is playing his instrument
neut	a drummer is performing his friend .
neut	the drummer is skilled .
cont	the drum person is making a bridge .
cont	a man is playing the drums
enta	the drummer is in the audience .
neut	the drummer is playing his tongue skills .
neut	a singer is playing his favorite song .
neut	a professional singer plays a game with his birthday
cont	a girl plays in the circle with a friend .
cont	a female school dancing with the baseball players .
cont	a violinist plays at a concert
cont	the singer are going into a game .
enta	the band has performing in playing .
an asian man attempting to repair a green bicycle outdoors while two other asian men stand by .
neut	the man is a professional .
neut	a man and his friends stand next to a bike
neut	a man is trying to get to the top of the other men
neut	the man is a professional .
cont	the people are watching a movie .
cont	two asian men are playing with a bike
cont	the asian man is driving his car .
cont	two asian men are playing with a bike in the park .
cont	the asian man is riding a bike .
cont	a man is riding a bike
enta	the man is outside .
enta	an asian man is working on a bike .
neut	three people are looking for a red bicycle .
neut	a man is carving a red bike .
neut	someone is trying to take a break from working on their bike .
cont	a black woman eats a hot dog and the friends are fighting .
cont	a man is yelling at a woman and friends
cont	the women were both the man is using the bike .
cont	asian woman with friends
cont	these men are riding a bike
cont	the asian couple sits alone .
enta	the asian man are working .
enta	the group is by the vehicle .
neut	a man in a bicycle makes a red bike .
neut	colorful gray man holds a bike to help into the distance .
neut	a looking grandfather holds a tractor and two men race to take .
neut	a man pours his bucket in trying to catch friends .
cont	it is a horse looks at the men .
cont	a dog got eaten at a room .
cont	a man working on the middle of a road .
enta	different different men are working out in the city .
a young man takes a walk carrying a backpack and camera .
neut	a man is taking a walk in the park with his family .
cont	a man is riding a bike in the park .
cont	the backpack is empty
enta	a young man is holding a backpack .
enta	a man is holding a backpack .
enta	a young man is walking with a backpack .
enta	a young man is holding a backpack
neut	a young man is going to the pool .
neut	a man is trying to get his backpack to get to the camera .
cont	a woman with a backpack and a bag walking a bus .
cont	a young man is playing with a toy .
cont	the person is a girl .
cont	a young man is running .
enta	a boy and his backpack are walking .
enta	a guy walks in front of a backpack .
neut	the boy is walking to work on the date .
cont	a old man waits in his dress while holding a rifle .
cont	the young man is using a backpack 's drive .
cont	a man 's basketball shorts is watching a movie .
enta	a kid and an african wearing is starting by a camera .
a man on a bicycle stops for a rest with his leashed dogs .
neut	a man is riding his bicycle to work .
cont	a group of people are sitting .
enta	a man is riding his bicycle .
enta	the man is riding his bicycle with his dogs .
enta	a man is riding his bicycle with his dogs .
enta	the man is riding a bicycle .
neut	the man is in large colored clothes .
neut	the person wants to walk for the first time .
neut	a man is very young and is working .
cont	a dog was driving the man to go down the street .
cont	a woman injures a man 's friends .
enta	a man is close to the dog .
enta	a man and dog play with a bicycle
enta	someone is bending out .
neut	a man watching after his dogs on the bicycle catches .
neut	a man is giving others get can fly dogs .
cont	a man is running their dogs at a circus .
cont	a man is running towards the dog .
cont	the man is pushing their dogs into a house .
cont	a man is shooting a corgi .
enta	a man holds a bike cart .
a small baby , possibly a newborn is being bathed by a person in blue scrubs wearing protective gloves .
neut	the baby is a boy .
cont	a baby sleeps on a couch
cont	the baby is in the kitchen .
enta	the baby is wearing gloves .
enta	a baby is being watched by a baby .
enta	the baby is being watched by a baby .
enta	the baby has a baby .
neut	they are a new mother .
cont	a little baby is alone in her house .
enta	the baby was near a human .
neut	the baby is holding onto onto in a ballon .
neut	a kid and a toddler preparing to watch a girl who favorite .
cont	a small baby girl is sitting under the water with a man .
cont	a little baby is taking a nap inside of a baby .
enta	the baby is using a person above .
enta	a toddlers baby is getting a photo taken .
a child in a red jacket , waist deep in a pit on the beach .
neut	the child is playing in the sand at the beach .
neut	the child was a girl
neut	the child is playing in the sand at the beach .
cont	a child is swimming in a pool
cont	the child has no shirt on .
enta	a child is in the water .
enta	a child in a jacket is on the beach .
neut	a child is riding the day on the beach .
cont	a man is standing still the water on his birthday cake .
cont	some people sitting on the beach
enta	there is a child in a hole in the sand .
enta	child moving near water
neut	a child waiting to ride their blue jacket in the sand .
neut	a child on a sand dune is holding apart .
cont	a clown is being eaten by a small tree .
cont	a boy is feeding a cat on the beach .
cont	a young child falls in the morning .
enta	a child is wearing a jacket .
three little boys hold hands and jump into a pool together .
neut	the little boys are pulling up their hands in a pool to get ready .
neut	the boys are playing with each other .
neut	the boys are playing with each other .
cont	three boys are sitting in a chair .
cont	three boys play with a pool pool in a field
cont	three boys play with a dog
enta	the boys are in the pool .
enta	the boys are jumping into the pool .
enta	there are three boys and a person jumping into a pool .
neut	three children are in the pool watching the game .
neut	the boys are taking place
cont	three boys are not playing with their hands .
enta	a boys getting ready to jumping into a pool .
enta	three children in the pool .
neut	band chasing for a show in synchronized .
neut	some boys are trying to read a book .
cont	the boys are breaking away in the pool .
cont	some boys are standing in the middle of a pool .
enta	the boys are getting ready to jump into the pool .
enta	they are jumping in the pool .
a man rides a kicking bull in a bullpen .
neut	a man is doing a trick on a bull .
neut	the man is doing tricks in the park
neut	a tall human jumping
cont	a man is sitting on a bench .
cont	a man rides a unicycle .
cont	the man is sitting in a chair in the kitchen .
enta	a man is riding a bull .
enta	a man is riding a bull in a base .
enta	a man is outside .
enta	the man is riding in a bull .
neut	a human rides a bull over a rodeo .
neut	someone is riding a white bull .
neut	the man is performing with his girlfriend .
cont	a young woman enjoys the bull while running on a park .
cont	a man is driving a car .
cont	a man is watching tv on his motorcycle .
enta	an animal riding a bull .
neut	the man is leaving a racing team .
cont	a pilot is standing while taking a nap .
cont	a woman is leading a man on to home .
cont	a man is running towards the river at a friend .
cont	a man is riding a bike down the street .
enta	a man is getting an stunt .
a person is surfing on a large wave .
neut	a person is in a surfing competition .
neut	a person surfing on a large wave for a competition .
cont	the person on the waves is not surfing .
cont	a person is swimming in a pool
enta	a person surfing on a wave .
enta	the person is surfing on a large wave .
enta	there is a person surfing .
enta	a person is in the water on a large wave .
neut	someone is going to go on a surf slide .
neut	a man is in the water with his friends
cont	a person with an adult is walking .
cont	the person walking on the water is watching tv .
cont	a person is enjoying a day on the beach .
enta	a person is moving .
enta	someone is riding a large wave .
neut	a person water his last hours .
neut	the woman is a surfer to jump .
neut	the person is trying to get flip on the large wave .
cont	a person in a wave , not on the wave .
cont	the man is sitting on a large field .
cont	a man is running down the street holding a person .
enta	a person is surfing down to the wave .
a female dancer does a center leap across a stage .
neut	a female dancer performs a concert .
neut	the female dancer is performing in a play .
cont	the woman is in the desert .
cont	a woman is playing a game of poker .
enta	a woman is performing .
enta	the dancer is performing on the stage .
enta	a woman is performing .
neut	a female dancer is practicing .
neut	the ballet dancer works on a stage in the stage .
cont	a female dancer is walking her dog
enta	a woman is holding an object .
enta	an artist is upside .
neut	the female girl is wearing a solid suit .
neut	a girl like getting ready to jump over a stage .
neut	a trashcan is getting ready to give a performance .
cont	a girl is doing a worm in the woods .
cont	a man is teaching his coach solo .
cont	a woman in shooting plays was a basketball game .
enta	a person is performing a trick .
enta	a person wears some colours and a guitar .
four men in red vests with crosses on them ski on a mountain .
neut	the men are in a ski lodge .
neut	the men are going to ski in the ski lodge .
cont	four men are sitting on a couch watching tv .
cont	four men are sitting on a couch watching tv
cont	the men are swimming in the ocean
enta	four men are skiing on a mountain
enta	the men are in the snow .
enta	four men are skiing on a mountain
enta	the men are skiing
neut	men working on their skis together to get a hike .
neut	four men on the mountains are going to get their picture taken on the mountain
cont	four woman are standing on a mountain
enta	a group of guys on the snowy hill .
enta	four men walk down a mountain together .
neut	three men are racing other since activity
neut	the four men in the weather are crash vacation .
neut	the men are racing taking easy in the ski lodge .
neut	there are 6 men getting ready to go snow .
cont	the men are fighting each other in a lodge .
cont	the men are fighting on a sandy beach .
enta	two men are standing in red and yellow vests .
a girl in a flower dress is running on sand .
neut	a girl is running to the beach in the rain .
neut	a girl in a dress is running on a beach .
neut	a girl is running towards a sand castle .
neut	a girl is running to catch a ball in the sand .
cont	the girl is in the blue dress .
cont	a girl is sitting on the sand .
enta	the girl is outside .
enta	a girl runs on sand .
enta	a girl is running on sand .
enta	a girl is running on sand .
neut	a girl does n't know going on her saturday
neut	she is going for a swim .
cont	a girl is swimming in the pool .
cont	a girl swims on the beach
cont	a girl is taking a shower .
enta	the girls on the sand .
enta	there is a girl in the flowers playing on the sand .
enta	girl in a flower dress
neut	a girl gets rained in the sand with her friends .
neut	the girl is going to block up .
neut	the girl is running to get night .
cont	a girl sleeps on the beach by a lake .
cont	the girl is in a tree with the scarf .
enta	a girl is running through the sand .
people sit around a circular bar .
neut	people are waiting for a friend .
neut	people sit around a bar for a photo of a family reunion .
cont	people are sitting on a couch .
cont	people are sitting around a microphone .
cont	the people are sitting in a chair .
cont	the people are sitting at a table
enta	people sit around a bar .
enta	the people are sitting
enta	a group of people are sitting around .
enta	there are people sitting outside .
neut	the group of women are enjoying a thanksgiving in the bar .
neut	the men and women are sitting down to eat a sandwich .
neut	people at a bar are drinking .
cont	they are sitting around a campfire .
cont	the people are standing in a field .
cont	the people are sitting around the movie theater .
enta	a lot of people are on the bar .
enta	some people are in a bar
neut	people sitting around a structure with their shirt .
neut	a couple of people are waiting for board to cool .
neut	the woman is having a dinner prepared .
neut	people are watching a movie during the fall .
cont	the people are sitting in a circle with the sun .
cont	the people walk on the street bench .
enta	a group of people are sitting around a bouncy bar .
two marathon runners running through a forest .
neut	two runners are running through the forest to get to the finish line .
cont	the runners are sitting .
cont	the runners are sitting in the grass .
enta	two runners are running outside .
enta	the runners are running through the forest .
enta	runners running through a forest .
enta	runners running through the forest .
neut	the runners are leaving the forest .
neut	the runners race are being finished for the race .
neut	two marathon runners are trying to win the game .
cont	the runners sit on the street .
cont	runners are chasing a baseball to the park
cont	two men are walking through the forest .
enta	two marathon runners .
enta	runners are outside .
enta	runners on a wooded area .
enta	runners outside the forest .
neut	some hunters cross the yellow dirt of yellow .
cont	a group of peoples participate in the underground track .
cont	the 4 cyclists are jogging down the highway .
cont	two men are running out of a river .
enta	some runners are running .
enta	two females have persons in shorts .
a brunette woman in a multicolored floral outfit and a pearl necklace is talking while holding a wineglass .
neut	a woman holds a large statue .
neut	a woman holds a large statue
neut	a woman is wearing a large apron .
neut	a woman is talking to her mother .
cont	a woman is sleeping .
enta	a woman is talking to a person .
enta	a brunette woman in a suit is talking
neut	the lady is using her work in her office .
cont	a man is with a necklace
enta	there is a person in this picture
neut	the woman is about to use the weapon .
neut	the woman who is receiving money to another .
cont	a woman is served a man on top of a sandbox .
cont	a lone woman is talking about a vacuum card .
cont	the women is filling shoes .
enta	there are a woman talking in front of a q-tip .
two woman talk in the middle of a parking lot , near two cars , as random people wander nearby .
neut	two women talking about their day
neut	the women are wearing clothing .
neut	the women are talking about the people in the parking lot .
neut	two women talking in the middle of a parking lot at a fair
cont	a group of people are playing a game of tennis .
cont	the women are sitting in the living room .
cont	the women are sitting in a car
cont	a woman is playing with her dog .
enta	there are two people in the parking lot .
enta	there are two people in the parking lot .
enta	there is a parking lot of people in the parking lot .
enta	two women talking in a parking lot with cars
neut	the two woman are waiting for a cab .
neut	two friends are riding to a store at the store .
neut	sisters talking in the parking lot
cont	a single person is playing basketball .
cont	three ladies are at a church .
enta	two woman are talking to each other in the parking lot .
enta	three women are on the parking lot .
enta	two women talk to the cars
neut	the two woman are heading outside a cafe , with their way green .
neut	the women and talking are hanging their two cars .
cont	two women are running before a television series .
enta	two people are standing and talking to a parking lot .
the group of people make single file lines on the field .
neut	people are looking at a woman .
neut	the people are going to a concert
cont	a man sits on the ground
cont	the people are playing in the park .
enta	people are outdoors .
enta	the people are at the field .
enta	people doing a presentation on the field .
neut	group of people play a game of rover on a field .
neut	someone is the same favorite people .
cont	people sleeping on the field .
cont	the group is watching a movie at home .
cont	the people are riding a bus together .
enta	a group of people are getting ready to on the field
enta	people talking
neut	a group of people ride a great day .
cont	two people are walking on the field grand line .
cont	the group of people are in the city street .
cont	a group of people are ironing in front of a television .
enta	there are people and people in the field .
enta	there in a group of people with the same way again .
three men in white , black and blue shirts with jeans standing on a cliff over the ocean .
neut	three friends are about to go to the ocean .
neut	the men are waiting for the concert .
cont	three men are playing with a dog .
cont	the men are sitting on the cliff .
cont	three women wearing black shirts are standing on a cliff over the ocean .
enta	there are three men in this picture , and they are outside .
enta	the men are outside .
enta	the men are near the ocean .
enta	the men are standing on a cliff .
neut	3 men are ready to get on a boat .
neut	three people are preparing for a swim .
cont	three guys are in the pool .
cont	three guys play soccer in the rain .
enta	three guys are on the cliff .
enta	three men in white shirts and blue shirts stand together on a cliff .
neut	two men are shopping for a battle picture .
neut	the 3 men are gossiping about the ocean .
neut	the four men are waiting for rescue on the lake .
cont	three guys play on a square with no color .
cont	two men are running on the side of a mountain .
enta	the men are standing by a hill .
enta	the men are standing by the beach
a woman in a dress talking on the phone while holding a dog leash .
neut	the woman is talking to her dog on her phone .
neut	the woman is in a room .
cont	a woman is holding a cat .
cont	the woman is riding a bike
cont	the woman is holding a cat .
enta	a woman is talking to her dog
enta	a woman is wearing a dress
enta	the dog is talking
enta	a woman is wearing a dress .
neut	a woman with her dog outside and walking her dog .
neut	a woman and her dog are watching the woman walk .
neut	someone has a new cellphone
cont	a man is lecturing at the dentist .
cont	the woman is running towards the dog through the park .
cont	the woman is reading a book .
enta	the woman is wearing a dress and talking .
neut	a grandmother enjoys her arms to the dog .
neut	the woman is trying to impress with a dog .
cont	a woman puts her pony to the beach .
cont	a girl pours the gas on a small couch .
cont	a woman and her dog are shooting their dog .
enta	a woman is talking to a dog .
enta	a person in a dress and his dog are talking .
a person dressed in all black throwing a ball down a bowling alley .
neut	a man is in a bowling alley for a contest .
cont	the person is in the kitchen .
cont	the person is playing basketball with his friends .
cont	a person is playing basketball
cont	a person is playing basketball .
enta	a person playing bowling .
enta	a person is playing a game .
enta	a person is in a bowling alley .
enta	a person is playing in a bowling alley
neut	a man is trying to win the bowling ball
neut	the man is a goalie .
cont	a person with brown hair is bowling home .
cont	the person is in black and a person in white .
enta	a person wearing black and a ball is playing a game of bowling .
enta	someone is playing with a bowling ball .
neut	the person is trying to catch a ball .
neut	a person is wearing short wings rocks .
neut	a man is about to bowl off the bowling .
cont	a person is taking a shower in the tall streets .
cont	the person is sitting on the sofa holding a bowling .
enta	a person is throwing ball .
an elderly man is posing in front of some rock formations .
neut	the old man is posing for a picture .
neut	the man is posing for a picture .
neut	an elderly man is posing for a picture in front of a rock .
cont	the man is not posing .
cont	a young woman is posing .
cont	the old man is at home
enta	the man is outside .
enta	the old man is posing .
enta	an elderly man is posing in front of a rock .
neut	a grandfather is trying to take a break from working on the street .
neut	man trying to get a picture of a rock .
cont	a young man is posing with a camera .
cont	cat eats a wooden
enta	an old man in front of a rock
neut	the man is on the rock house .
neut	an older man is about to move out of the rocks .
cont	the bus is not trying to catch the sky .
enta	the man is posing with a rock .
a bald man in a white t-shirt is standing at a bar next to a white leashed dog .
neut	a man stands at a bar waiting for his dog .
neut	the man is waiting for his dog to arrive .
neut	the man is a dog
cont	the dog is chasing a cat .
cont	a man and his dog are at the park .
enta	a man at a bar .
enta	there is a man and a dog
enta	the dog has a white dog .
neut	the man is drinking at a bar
neut	the two men are gay .
cont	the man does a break trick in the park .
cont	the man is going swimming
cont	a man reads a sign in his car cars .
cont	the person is standing alone looking at the bar .
enta	someone in a white t-shirt is holding a dog .
enta	a person is with her dog
neut	a man is trying to a dog to meet a dog .
neut	a man is getting his brother 's brother trains .
neut	a man is taking a break walking with his dog .
cont	a man is doing garbage from the beach .
cont	a prisoner is sitting in the sun while a partner .
cont	the man is wearing a horse and sitting on the grill .
enta	a male dog is near a bag of dogs .
a old woman is holding shopping bags on a busy city street .
neut	the old woman is shopping for groceries .
neut	a woman is shopping for groceries .
cont	the woman is holding a dog .
cont	a woman is running in a field .
cont	the woman is running in the park .
cont	a woman is holding a purse on a sidewalk .
enta	a woman is holding bags .
enta	a woman is shopping .
enta	a woman is outside .
enta	a woman is holding bags .
neut	a woman is asian to the other .
neut	she enjoys the day
cont	the woman sat down
cont	a mom in a shopping crowd holds a man .
cont	a young woman is sitting at home in her bed .
enta	the women is shopping .
enta	the old woman is shopping .
enta	an old woman is next to a shopping center .
neut	a woman is wanting traffic with a shopping bags .
neut	a woman is checking things and shopping in the middle .
cont	a old woman is not sitting on a stranger day .
cont	a now haired woman is driving a vehicle
enta	the woman is dressed in line .
enta	there is a woman outdoors with bags .
an adult ballerina shows you children how to dance .
neut	the woman is a woman
neut	the woman is a woman
cont	people are playing a game .
cont	the kids are sitting on a bench .
enta	a female is holding children .
enta	two people are dancing .
enta	the female was dancing
enta	a person is dancing
neut	an adult girl on a sunny day playing .
cont	the couple takes a nap together .
cont	she was at home .
enta	the ballerina are dancing .
enta	the adult dancer is performing a dance .
enta	a female dancer is performing .
neut	the asian couple is talking to show players .
neut	the parents is dancing with their friends
neut	the smiling child is playing a traditional routine .
cont	the kid is walking on the road
cont	the adolescent is beating down by each other .
enta	an adult is being forced by a kids .
enta	a youth woman is being singing while two children .
a woman is talking on the phone while standing next to a dog .
neut	the woman is talking to her dog .
neut	a woman talks to her dog on her phone
neut	a woman talks to her dog on her phone
cont	a woman is sitting on a couch .
cont	a woman sits on the phone to her dog
cont	a woman sitting on a bench .
cont	a woman is riding a bike with her dog
enta	a woman is talking on the phone while standing next to a dog .
enta	a woman with a dog is talking on the phone
enta	a woman is talking on a phone
neut	woman in a family dress .
cont	the woman is standing at a bar .
cont	the person is running away from the dog .
cont	a woman walks on the street .
cont	the woman is holding the dog in the park .
enta	there is a women walking .
enta	two people are being talking .
enta	a woman and her dog are near the phone .
neut	a woman waits for her latest animal together .
neut	one woman enjoys the letter of her dog .
cont	the woman is asleep on the cell phone .
cont	woman are shopping for a red dress
cont	a woman sits in front of a dog with the cellphone .
enta	the woman is strolling her dog .
a woman watches a child play near a small pool .
neut	a woman is playing with her child in the pool .
neut	the child is playing with a pool cue .
cont	a man is watching his child play in the pool .
enta	the woman is watching a child .
enta	a woman is watching a child play near the pool .
enta	a woman is watching a child play .
neut	the woman is very happy .
neut	a woman is going to play the game .
neut	an elderly woman watches her child walk by a pool .
cont	a woman and her child are playing poker in the park .
cont	a man is reading a book at the beach .
enta	a woman takes a child a child
enta	a child is in the pool looking at the child .
neut	a mother is trying to get her children wearing a ring .
neut	a woman is funny at least other twenty .
cont	the woman is dragging ice cream .
cont	a woman throws an object in the water .
enta	a woman is taking a child to play .
enta	the woman has a text finger .
enta	a woman in the large pool
a man prepares to enter the red building .
neut	a tall human getting ready to throw something .
cont	a man takes a nap
cont	the man is playing basketball .
enta	a man is outside .
enta	the man is outside .
enta	a man is in a building
neut	the man is a good .
neut	a man is competing in a meeting to his family .
neut	sad man with red clothes , is drinking the red building
neut	the man is a construction worker .
cont	there is an old lady inside .
cont	the man is drinking beer
cont	a women is about to go for a ceremony .
enta	a man is gathered a building .
enta	a man kneeling in front of a red building .
enta	a worker shows off .
neut	a man is using a house to walk out of the building .
neut	a man is cleaning a building by his mom .
cont	a man is using the red building with a green building .
cont	a man is giving away a building from the store .
enta	a man is hanging out of a building .
enta	a man is working with a building .
a person is walking down a cobblestone street .
neut	a person walks down a street to work .
neut	a person walks down the street to get to the store .
neut	the person is walking to work .
neut	a man is walking down the street to get to work .
cont	the person is in the middle of the street .
enta	a person is walking .
enta	a person is walking down the street .
enta	a person is walking down a street .
enta	a person is walking down a street .
neut	a person is crying for a walk
neut	someone is carrying a boy walking home from work .
neut	a performer is walking down a street .
cont	a man is wearing a green shirt and running down a street .
cont	a female is on the sidewalk .
cont	a man is walking through a store with a friend .
enta	someone walks down the street .
enta	someone is walking outside .
neut	a person is walking because they met from the bus .
neut	a person is walking down the street trying to leave .
neut	a person is walking to get a good cut of the street .
cont	a person in a suit rides through the city street .
cont	a person is wearing a submarine place .
cont	a person is feeding a bubble
cont	a person is running down a hill .
enta	a person is walking down the sidewalk .
the man in the red cap is rollerskating on a path in front of the white building .
neut	the man is a farmer .
neut	the man is trying to win the competition
cont	the man is playing basketball .
cont	a woman in a red cap is on a path .
cont	the man is playing with his dog
enta	the man is wearing a red cap .
enta	a man is wearing a red cap .
enta	a man is on a path
neut	a man was payed a new piece of building
cont	the man is running in a field .
cont	a man is waterskiing off his hot .
enta	a man is carrying something in front of a building .
neut	a man is leaving to a building .
cont	a man is jumping on a field filled with chalk .
cont	a man is standing with arms in a white building .
cont	a man is fall off a lake
enta	a man is reading a person in front of a building .
enta	a man is jumping on a path while standing .
enta	a man is skating .
a group of people playing guitars and singing .
neut	people play music and singing in front of a crowd .
neut	a group of people are playing guitars and sings in a band .
neut	the band is playing for a crowd .
cont	the people are eating .
enta	a group of people are playing music .
enta	the group of people are playing music .
enta	a group of people singing and singing and singing
enta	people singing and singing .
neut	some girls are performing their new role on his band .
neut	the group of friends are performing in front of a crowd .
neut	a group of friends are performing their concert .
cont	the band plays in a field
cont	the group of people are playing tennis .
cont	the group eating dinner together .
enta	the people playing music
neut	asian people in this photo starts to another .
cont	coffee wait for this beer
cont	a group of people playing the drums outside .
cont	the people are shooting attacking in a street costume .
enta	people are enjoying listening on music .
enta	the people are playing music on play .
a group of people are standing inside an office
neut	people are waiting for a bus to start .
neut	the people are waiting for the bus
neut	a group is standing waiting for a bus to get to the library .
cont	a group of people are sitting in a restaurant .
cont	there is a group of people sitting in a chair at the park .
cont	people are sitting in a chair
enta	a group of people are standing inside an office .
enta	the group of people are standing .
enta	a group of people are standing outside .
enta	people are standing
neut	the group of people are having a discussion .
neut	the group of people are standing by a building waiting for their friend .
neut	some people on a panel are waiting for a bus .
cont	people laying down on a couch .
cont	the people are sitting in a field at a park .
cont	a group of people are on the beach .
enta	there are people in the office .
neut	the people are standing atop by their museum .
cont	the group is all wearing any items .
cont	a group of people sit by a blue shack .
cont	a group of people are sitting in a conference room .
cont	an so single people wore green baseball down .
enta	there are people standing next to the van .
kids are on a amusement ride .
neut	the kids are at the ride ride to the beach .
neut	kids are at a ride ride to the beach
cont	the kids are sitting in the park .
cont	kids are at a beach
cont	the kids are in a car .
cont	the kids are sitting on the playground .
enta	kids are at a ride ride .
enta	children are on a ride .
enta	the kids are at a ride ride
enta	kids are riding the ride .
neut	kids ride a ride along the playground .
neut	several children are about to go on a ride .
cont	the kids are sitting inside
cont	the kids are watching tv
cont	some kids are riding their bikes on the street .
cont	the kids sit on the couch .
enta	kids are riding a amusement ride .
enta	the children are traveling by the ride .
enta	some children are outside .
neut	kids are having a game of people .
neut	some children are hiking and is about to get out of a ride .
cont	the children are playing with toy hoops .
cont	the angry few the kids are sitting outside playing twister .
cont	a group of dogs are watching a nap on the sidewalk .
cont	the kids will to sleep on a picnic .
enta	children put on a playground ride .
enta	two children are together in a ride ride .
a girl with brown hair and a brown shirt is building a gingerbread house .
neut	a girl is in a house for a birthday party .
cont	a girl is sleeping in bed .
cont	the girl is standing on the ground .
cont	girl is playing with her dog .
enta	a girl is building a house .
enta	a girl is in a house .
enta	girl building a house
enta	a girl is near a house .
neut	a girl was watching to make a child .
neut	a girl is ready to put on a birthday cake .
neut	a girl is preparing for a job cooking for a wedding .
cont	the boy is sitting at home
cont	a boy is with his dog
cont	a girl plays on a stage
cont	the girl is drawing a man on the floor .
enta	a young girl plays with a house .
neut	a girl uses an animal 's house for autumn .
neut	the girl is only happy on a wedding card .
neut	the girl is trying to plant a garden .
cont	a girl takes a grand tree center .
cont	a cat is chasing a sharp house .
enta	a girl is with her house ,
enta	a girl in brown one a little outfit .
a man cooking food on the stove .
neut	a man cooking food for his family at a park
neut	the man is making food for his family at the park .
cont	a woman is cooking food .
cont	a woman is cooking food .
enta	a man is cooking food on the oven .
enta	a man is cooking .
enta	a man is cooking food .
enta	a man is cooking food
neut	a man is stirring hot to eat .
neut	a man in lunch breakfast .
cont	two children play in the park
cont	a man is on the beach
cont	a man is playing chess .
cont	a woman cooking a meal in the kitchen with his friends .
enta	a man is cooking food .
neut	a man is cooking dinner on a barn .
cont	the woman is flipping eating in the kitchen .
cont	a man plays on the pie while cooks food .
cont	a man is tossing food on the dry mountains .
enta	a person is having a display of food .
enta	a man is cleaning a kitchen .
a nurse examines equipment in the operating room .
neut	the nurses are getting ready to go to work .
neut	a nurse is wearing a hat .
cont	the boy is sleeping in his bed .
cont	the nurse is taking a nap .
cont	a nurse is sketching a boy .
enta	a nurse examines equipment
enta	an animal is looking at equipment .
neut	the girl has a lot of blonde .
cont	the girl is using a balloon .
cont	the dog is going through the garden .
cont	a surgeon is looking at the sky .
enta	a girl with a nurse on in a room
enta	a medical is working .
neut	a sad toddler is getting out of a lab .
neut	a woman is working on the way he took .
cont	a blonde man is selling out of a building .
enta	a young woman is using a electrical equipment .
enta	a person and an indian room have building something .
three woman prepare a meal in a kitchen with salmon colored walls and bamboo cabinetry .
neut	three women preparing a meal for their family
neut	the women are preparing a meal for their friends .
neut	the women preparing a meal for dinner .
cont	a man prepares to eat a meal .
enta	three women are preparing a meal .
enta	three women preparing a meal in a kitchen .
enta	the women are cooking food .
neut	three women in the kitchen for their family
cont	a couple is having a picnic
enta	three women are mixing different of different of objects for their goods .
enta	the women are wearing food .
enta	three woman are in the kitchen
enta	three women are cooking food .
neut	three woman are sculpting a birthday party .
neut	ladies are fruit at birthday candy
neut	two woman uses their meat to grill a gift .
neut	four elder women are trying to get food into a kitchen .
cont	three women wearing sunny sun and talking on their fruit .
cont	the women are sitting down in the kitchen .
cont	four women are in a plastic , using their bottle
enta	three women are tending a meal .
a man wearing a tan hat and shirt , an orange safety vest , and dark glasses gestures towards a nearby car .
neut	the man is a model of the blue hat
cont	a man is wearing a black hat .
enta	a man smiles
enta	the man is talking to a car .
enta	a person smiles
neut	the man is a mechanic .
neut	the man is posing for a photo shoot .
neut	a man is walking to a new york city .
cont	the man is sleeping in his office
cont	a man is asleep on the truck
enta	a man in a tan sweatshirt is taking pictures of a car at the vehicle
neut	a man is trying to be a whole out of leather .
neut	a man is about to go down a car
cont	a man is not wearing a bench and riding a snowboard .
cont	the lone man in the red coat is looking for a deli .
enta	a man is using a car with side of a car .
two dogs biting each other playfully while jumping
neut	the two dogs are playing with each other .
neut	the dogs are playing
neut	the dogs are playing in the park .
neut	two dogs chasing each other in a park .
cont	the dogs are sitting .
enta	the dogs are laughing .
enta	two dogs are playing .
enta	the dogs are laughing .
enta	dogs are playing together .
neut	two dogs jump into their dogs .
cont	two boys are shaking hands from their owner .
cont	two dogs are standing outside
cont	dogs run around in a garden .
cont	the two boys are sitting down .
enta	the dogs are wet .
enta	two animals are interacting .
neut	two white dogs are trying to catch a basketball .
neut	one fish play being in a show of dogs .
cont	two dogs play with a hot cat .
cont	the two dogs are putting each other in the zip .
cont	a bunch of dogs are running away from the military .
enta	dogs are playing in their body .
a man in orange and white rides his mountain bike through a forest .
neut	the man is riding his bike to the store .
cont	a man is sitting in a chair at the park .
cont	the man is in a car on the beach .
enta	the man is riding his bike .
enta	a man is in a forest .
neut	a man is a professional bike rider .
neut	he is santa claus .
cont	the man is in a van working .
cont	a man is napping in the park
enta	a man checks his bike ride .
enta	the man is next to a mountain .
enta	a man riding his bike in the forest
neut	a man is going to break a cliff snow .
neut	the man is tired of a small snow .
cont	a man wearing the green skirt is riding a horse .
cont	a man is alone on a beach
enta	a man is riding a ride with others
enta	the police are having a by height in front of the forest .
a little girl offers a ball to an upset toddler on a grassy field while a man in bermuda shorts stands behind them .
neut	a little girl and her daughter are playing outside
neut	the little girl is playing with her daughter and her son on a red belt
neut	the little girl is playing with her mother
cont	the girl is sitting on a couch .
enta	the little girl is playing .
enta	the girl is in a field .
enta	a girl is playing with a ball in a field .
neut	a young girl and a man are standing near their garden fountain .
neut	a man teaches his son how to use a ball .
cont	a man is at the gym .
cont	a child is not standing still .
cont	the girl is sitting on the grass .
enta	a woman is wearing an man and a man .
enta	two people are holding a ball .
neut	a girl is about to buy some cigarettes .
neut	a girl tries to stop the shade walk
cont	a young girl with a scarf is laying on the beach .
enta	a girl on the grass and watches
enta	a young girl is wearing shorts and a temperature .
a woman in a red shirt and blue jeans is walking outside while a man in a khaki jacket is right behind her .
neut	a woman is walking to the store
neut	the woman is walking to the store to open .
neut	a woman is walking to the store to get to work .
neut	two people walk outside to their friends are walking outside .
cont	the man is wearing a blue shirt .
enta	a woman is walking outside
enta	the woman is wearing clothes .
enta	the man is outdoors .
enta	a woman and a man are walking outside while a man is walking .
neut	it is sunny outside .
neut	a woman and man walk to the store to buy their arms .
neut	a woman dressed in a blue shirt gets his first walk for a walk
cont	a woman is not wearing a jacket and blue jeans
cont	the man is sleeping in their bed .
cont	a man is playing golf with a man .
cont	a woman and a man are sitting inside .
enta	the woman and man are outside .
enta	a person is on her neck .
enta	the man stands next to woman
enta	the woman is walking the the man .
neut	a man is walking toward the ocean with other woman .
neut	a woman is going out to her husband during a date .
neut	a man is going to watch a buffalo girl .
cont	a woman sits on a chair holding on her husband .
cont	a woman is running to a man getting ready for girl .
cont	the mother is petting the man at home .
enta	a woman is pushing a man walks .
enta	a woman with jackets colored is walking outside .
a gentleman overlooking a neighborhood situation .
neut	the man has a black shirt .
neut	the man is going to go to work
cont	a man is sitting in a chair at the beach .
cont	a man stands on a bench in a city .
cont	a person sitting .
cont	the man is at the beach
enta	the man is looking at the city
enta	the man is outside
enta	a man stands near a city .
enta	a man is outside .
neut	a man is telling the time to take a break from work
neut	a gentleman is looking at a car .
neut	the guy is a construction worker .
cont	a woman sitting at her local local home .
cont	a man is jumping into the pool to his family .
cont	a guy stands in a field
cont	a young guy walks through the pond .
enta	a guy is standing in a city .
enta	the man is outdoors
neut	a doctor creates a business problem .
cont	a man is sitting on a snowball very good .
cont	a man is fishing in front of a forest .
cont	a man is at a graduation venue .
cont	a man is taking a shower
enta	a man is outside in the middle of a building .
a man in a business suit strolls beneath a covered walkway .
neut	the man is a farmer .
neut	the man is a farmer
neut	a person feeling .
neut	a man is at a park .
cont	a woman in a suit walks beside a bridge .
cont	a woman sitting on a couch .
cont	a man is sitting on the couch .
enta	a man walks beside a walkway .
enta	a man in a suit walks beside a walkway .
enta	a man walks beside a walkway .
enta	a man is enjoying a day
neut	a man on vacation for his family
neut	a man in a suit getting ready for the dress of a mall .
neut	man got his job to the last time in the morning .
cont	the man runs across the street .
cont	a man is fishing on the bridge .
cont	the man is standing in the street .
cont	the man is walking on a street waiting for a bus
enta	a man is next to a paved walkway .
neut	the man is going to a fast fast .
neut	a man ponders to shop at the empty walkway .
cont	the man in the basement was visiting a nice porch .
cont	the man is walking on a couch road .
cont	a man in a suit and stolen his suit through .
enta	a man is on a busy bridge .
a singer is performing before a small crowd outside .
neut	a singer is in a band
neut	the singer performs on stage .
cont	a singer is eating a sandwich .
cont	a singer is eating a sandwich .
cont	a singer is sitting on a bench .
cont	a singer is sleeping .
enta	a person is performing
enta	a person is outside .
enta	a singer is outside .
enta	a singer performing
neut	a singer is performing for an audience of his friends .
neut	a singer on a stage is about to score the people .
neut	a man is going at a party
cont	a man is eating lunch
enta	a singer dances in front of people .
neut	the singer is a professional country singer .
neut	the crowd of people are having a great performance .
neut	the happy band is put up free instruments .
cont	a man is riding a wagon in the field .
cont	a woman plays the guitar in her sandbox .
enta	a singer relaxes in front of a crowd .
enta	a musician and singer is performing in front of a crowd .
two girls slide down the air-filled slide .
neut	girls sliding down the slide on the ground slide .
neut	two girls slide down a slide at a park
neut	two girls slide down the slide on a sunny day
cont	two girls run down the slide .
cont	the girls are sitting
cont	two girls run down the slide on a slide .
enta	the girls are playing outside .
enta	some people are playing .
enta	the girls are swinging down the slide .
enta	two girls slide down a slide
neut	two girls are getting into a fight .
cont	two girls rope down the hill .
cont	twin girls fight over their friends from school
enta	the girls are taking a turn .
enta	two girls on the slide .
neut	the sister is showing the tourists as they want to make .
neut	a large girl is playing with other school .
cont	four girls head skateboarding around a neighborhood .
cont	the girls are sitting down in front of a competition .
cont	the boys are eating ice cream .
cont	two boys put on the slide during a night .
enta	two girls are going into the water
two young men splitting wood with a axe in the snow .
neut	the two men are using a broken fishing drain .
neut	two men are working on wood and a fire
cont	the men are dry .
cont	two men play golf
enta	the men are in the snow
enta	the two young men are outside in the snow .
enta	the two young men are using a broken weapon .
neut	two men are having a conversation .
neut	the man has a big tape in his hand .
neut	two guys are trying to get out of the snow
cont	a woman is baking a cake .
enta	the men are welding .
enta	these men are cutting wood .
neut	the men are shown playing sports at the snow .
neut	these men are competing for a power wood .
cont	a lone woman would to sit in the snow .
cont	two young men wrestle in the sand with a white kite .
enta	the three people are maintaining their coach .
a group of onlookers glance at a person doing a strange trick on her head .
neut	the people are outside .
neut	a group of people are watching a man do a trick on his head .
neut	a person is doing a trick for a show
cont	the person is watching a movie
cont	the people are at the beach in the city .
enta	people watch a person .
enta	a person is doing a trick on his head
neut	a group of people are trying to win a race .
cont	a group of people are off the street .
cont	a group of people are fighting on the ground .
cont	the group of people are outside playing the drums .
cont	a group of teens look at the dog
enta	the group of people look to touch off for the crowd .
enta	a small group of individuals entertaining about vacation .
enta	there is a person clapping for a crowd .
enta	a group of children are using their faces on their head .
neut	a street shot takes a picture of others
neut	the people are putting a speech for money .
neut	various cars are i other onlookers on it for a quiet .
cont	people are ignoring a television taxi .
cont	a people and there are no people at a concert .
cont	there are no people in a picture looking for another person .
enta	the people are in the group getting a talk .
two men on bicycles competing in a race .
neut	two men race their bikes to the park .
neut	a couple of men race their bikes down the street .
cont	two women riding bikes in a race .
cont	the men are sitting in a chair .
cont	the men are inside the house .
enta	the men are racing .
enta	two men ride bikes in a race .
enta	the men are racing .
enta	two men are riding bikes in a race .
neut	two men are riding motorcycles through the race .
cont	people are laying in their bed .
cont	two woman riding bikes in a competition .
cont	no one is driving to work .
enta	two guys are riding their bikes in a race .
enta	2 men are on bikes
enta	the men are on a bicycle .
enta	the men have bikes on .
neut	men are on a bike for track .
neut	two men are running along their muscles in a race .
cont	the men are working on a snowman .
cont	two men are working on a blue plane .
cont	the four men are standing inside and talking .
enta	two people are working on bikes
enta	two men are near a up man .
enta	them try to ride bikes .
a young girl jumping in front of the white house .
neut	a girl is playing with a house .
cont	a girl is sitting on a couch .
cont	a girl is sleeping in her bed .
cont	a young girl sits .
enta	a girl is jumping in front of a house .
enta	the girl is jumping .
enta	the girl is jumping
enta	a girl is jumping in front of a house .
neut	a girl puts the dog in front of the white house .
neut	the girl is training for a race
cont	a man in a tuxedo and a boy do n't know how to use .
cont	a woman is sitting by the fire .
enta	a girl plays with a white house .
enta	a girl jumps in front of a house .
enta	a girl jumping into the white house .
neut	a young girl learns to clean her pink garden .
neut	a girl jumps for the white dress .
cont	the boy is helping his mother a move .
cont	the girl is not standing on a beach with no tongue .
enta	a kid jumping in front of the house .
enta	a girl is jumping in front of the white house .
three children run on a sidewalk with a river on one side and a wall on the other .
neut	the children are playing with a toy .
neut	children are running to catch a ball in the water .
cont	children are playing in the sand .
cont	three children are on a bench .
cont	the children are sitting on a couch .
enta	the children are running .
enta	the children are outside
enta	three children run on a sidewalk .
enta	three children run on a sidewalk
neut	three kids are doing their skateboard tricks on the sidewalk .
neut	three young children are running for the first time .
neut	three children are running a marathon .
neut	three children play on the sidewalk for the first time .
cont	three kids are riding bikes on the sidewalk
cont	three kids are surfing on a frozen lake .
enta	children are running
enta	children are playing outside
neut	many children are running towards a mountain ,
neut	the kids are being carried by their mother .
cont	three children are watching a soccer game on .
cont	three kids race their bike at the city .
cont	two children are sitting in a front park
cont	a car is jogging on the highway .
enta	humans are playing in each other .
enta	two children are running track down the sidewalk .
a man is reading a newspaper in a car dealership .
neut	a man is reading the newspaper on his way to work .
neut	there is a man reading the newspaper on his way to work
cont	a man reads a book in his car
cont	a young girl reads the paper to her car
enta	a man is in a car
enta	a man is reading a newspaper in a car .
enta	a man is reading a newspaper .
enta	a man is reading the newspaper .
neut	an asian man looks to buy a paper .
cont	a man in the car is going for a walk .
cont	a woman drinking an airplane
enta	a man is reading a paper in his car .
enta	guy is being held .
enta	a man with a newspaper is holding a paper .
enta	the man is looking at a paper .
neut	the man is reading a red model mercedes .
neut	the man is reading the newspaper while his nephew .
cont	a man is reading a book from a red car .
cont	an old man is reading a book on corner .
enta	the man is reading while each other .
enta	a man is reading a newspaper in a car .
enta	there is a man reads on a photographer .
woman wearing jeans and white shirt watches as her bowling ball rolls down the lane to the pins .
neut	the woman just got a bowling game .
neut	the woman is playing bowling with her friends
cont	the woman is wearing a blue dress .
cont	a woman is wearing a blue shirt .
cont	the woman is not wearing any clothes .
enta	woman is bowling
enta	the woman is playing bowling
enta	a woman is bowling .
neut	lady hits a bowling ball to her friends .
neut	the woman and the woman are trying to go home .
cont	the woman is sitting on a beach
cont	a man is shooting the ball with a ball .
cont	a woman is swimming at the beach .
enta	a woman is holding a ball and a shirt on .
enta	a woman is getting wet .
neut	a woman stopped to start a trophy .
cont	that of a tattooed woman is seated under the front of a city .
cont	a woman is parked on a mat swing .
cont	a woman is hugging jumping with her dog .
enta	a woman uses her jeans and is wearing jeans .
a man in a fleece jacket works with a piece of tin .
neut	a man is working with a piece of white and is working .
neut	the man is a construction worker
cont	a man is sleeping on the floor .
cont	a man is sleeping .
cont	a man is working on a computer .
enta	a man has a blanket .
enta	a person works with a piece of fabric .
enta	a man is working .
neut	a man is getting ready for a job .
neut	a man is making an order at the local job .
cont	the dog swims
cont	the man is wearing a white jacket
enta	a man is working with wood .
neut	the man is who has his favorite yellow jacket .
neut	a man is building a statue .
cont	a man is taking a break from his pickup .
cont	a man is breaking a landscape nozzle .
cont	a man is working on a car .
enta	the hat is being pulled by a man .
a man tumbles as spectators watch at the university of michigan .
neut	the man is at a park with his family .
cont	a man plays with a dog at the park .
cont	a man sits on a bench at the park .
cont	the man is at a concert .
cont	a man is at the park .
enta	a man is in the air .
neut	the man is trying to get the ball in the middle of the day .
cont	a man is building a sand castle .
cont	a young woman with no arms is watching television .
cont	the woman is flying a kite .
enta	the man jumps at the university .
enta	a man stares a camera
neut	the man in a pink shirt looks like a large group of people .
neut	a man is using his favorite string .
cont	a woman is readying on a beautiful day .
enta	man is near a lost structure .
masked actors perform traditional japanese theater .
neut	the actors are performing a show for a crowd .
neut	the people are performing a show for an audience .
neut	the people are practicing for a show
neut	a large group is performing for an audience .
cont	people are eating at a restaurant .
cont	the people are sitting on a bench .
cont	a group of baseball players are performing at a show .
enta	people performing at a show .
neut	a couple people are performing for a large crowd .
cont	all the performers are practicing for a concert .
enta	performers are marching with tips
enta	performers perform their ability
neut	they are getting great of the classroom .
neut	the long drummer is going on state theatre .
cont	a bunch of people are frolicking at the ground .
cont	some the marching are dancing on fire .
cont	musicians are turns to play poker
enta	friends are doing played street activity .
enta	there are four people who are performing
the man with the bag is standing on the corner .
neut	a tall human standing
neut	a man is standing on the corner waiting for his friend
cont	a man sitting on the corner .
cont	a man is sitting on the ground in the park .
enta	a man stands on the corner .
enta	a man is outside .
enta	a man is standing on a corner .
enta	man with bag is standing
neut	the man standing on the corner is holding a bag of hair .
neut	a guy is in the park and playing in the corner .
neut	the man wants to be a friend .
cont	a man is taking a nap in the ocean .
cont	the man is sitting down .
enta	there are two people
enta	a man in a bag stands on the corner getting a bag .
enta	the man is outside a corner .
enta	someone in the bag is standing on the corner .
neut	a man is catching a bag on the corner .
neut	the man is wearing a green bag .
neut	a man is trying to survey a bear .
neut	a man is being photographed by a girl who 's .
cont	the man is fast up an ice cream .
cont	a man holds no umbrella at work
cont	a man is taking a nap at the bar .
cont	a man sits at the picture of a sports competition .
enta	a man is standing on the corner holding a bag .
enta	a man is getting into a corner of the corner .
a woman in a brown shirt and a man in a hat cross the street .
neut	the woman is a man
neut	two people cross the street to get to the other people .
neut	the woman is going to the bar to get to work .
cont	the woman is wearing a red shirt
cont	a woman and a man are walking in a park .
cont	the woman and man are sitting in a chair
enta	the man and woman are outdoors .
enta	a man and woman are walking in a street .
enta	a woman and man cross the street
neut	the man and woman are in a gay suit .
neut	a man and a woman are a woman and one woman is going to the
neut	the man is his wife .
neut	a women trying to walk home from work .
cont	the women is swimming in the pool .
cont	a woman is swimming with a man and man in the street .
cont	a girl and man are watching tv .
enta	two people are carrying something .
enta	two people are wearing tan .
enta	a woman and man are outside .
neut	the woman is telling the man on the street .
neut	a woman with the man is facing a line .
cont	a woman with a hat is driving the bus .
cont	the fellow is watching a movie with checkers .
cont	the man has on the boat surrounded by asian restaurant .
cont	a woman is laying in a park with her son .
enta	a couple is on a street with their hands .
enta	two people are dressed in heels .
enta	two woman walking the street on the street .
a brown and a black dog play in a field
neut	a dog playing with a ball in a field .
neut	the dog is playing fetch with its owner .
neut	the dogs play in the field with a friend .
neut	the dogs are playing with a ball in the field .
cont	the dog is sleeping .
cont	a dog sleeps on a field .
enta	there are two dogs playing .
enta	the dogs are playing .
enta	two dogs playing .
enta	there are two dogs in the field .
neut	the dog carries a stick into it .
neut	a brown dog is playing at the park for her friends .
neut	a black dog is preparing for a soccer game .
cont	dogs swimming in the pool
cont	the dog is digging in the field .
enta	a black dog is playing in a field in a field .
enta	some animals peer
enta	a dog looks at animal
neut	a dog has just pulled on a trip .
neut	the dogs are having fun in front of a large field .
cont	the white dog and its other a ball up .
cont	a black dog plays in the grocery store .
enta	a black dog is playing near a field .
two women dressed for cold weather in jackets and gloves look at something on a cellphone screen .
neut	two women are talking about their friend .
neut	two women watch a movie on the phone .
neut	two women are wearing green jackets
cont	the women are wearing green
cont	the women are wearing shorts .
cont	the women are at a concert .
enta	two women are looking at something .
enta	there are two women in jackets and gloves .
enta	the women are wearing jackets
enta	two women looking at something in a beautiful day .
neut	the woman on the phone is asian .
neut	the women are talking about their legs .
cont	two dogs are chasing a squirrel .
cont	the crowd is watching a movie .
cont	two men are sleeping
enta	two women are in the same gender .
enta	two women look at a cell phone .
neut	the women are going to do play tricks .
neut	a group of artists are taking a picture of the news .
cont	three women are looking at the sun on their game .
cont	the women are looking at the woman in leather .
enta	two women are looking at something .
a woman in a kitchen holds a can surrounded by bowls .
neut	a woman is preparing to cook .
neut	a woman is holding a large container to eat .
cont	a woman is eating a sandwich
cont	the woman is holding a flower .
enta	a woman is cooking .
enta	a woman is holding a can .
enta	a woman is in a kitchen .
neut	the woman is sad .
cont	a woman is fighting against a purple kitchen .
cont	a woman is drawing in a field .
enta	the woman is wearing a kitchen .
enta	the woman at the kitchen table .
neut	a woman has a toy for the future .
cont	the woman is fully browsing a banana .
enta	the woman is using table
a man is navigating a boat .
neut	a man looking for a boat to catch a boat
neut	a man is looking for his boat .
neut	a man is looking for a boat
cont	a man is looking at a car .
cont	a man is sleeping .
enta	a man looking at a boat in the water .
enta	someone is looking at a boat .
enta	a man is using a boat
enta	a man is in a boat .
neut	the man dives a boat into his boat .
neut	a sad man is in a boat and trying to get to him .
neut	a man trying to reach his boat in his boat .
cont	a girl is holding a kite .
cont	the man is wearing a tutu and sitting on the bench .
cont	the man is walking on the water .
enta	shirtless in a human doing a boat .
enta	a man works in a boat .
enta	a boat in the water being played
neut	a man is about to trail with a boat .
neut	a man is catching a boat that will take a boat .
neut	a man is looking for a fishing mask .
cont	a woman is working on a sea bike .
cont	a man is near the grocery pit .
cont	a man is drilling a car on the streets .
enta	a man pulls a boat that is crossing .
enta	a man and on a boat .
a man napping on the ground with a shirt over his eyes with a person standing beside him .
neut	a man is taking a break from work .
neut	the man is taking a break from his job
neut	a man gets ready to go to a concert in a park .
neut	a man is taking a break
cont	the man was playing basketball .
cont	a man is playing with a dog .
cont	two men are fighting
enta	the man is wearing a shirt .
enta	a human lying down
enta	a man is being photographed by a person standing .
enta	a man is sitting outside .
neut	a man is playing on the ground with his friends .
cont	two adults are wearing speedos .
cont	a single man is throws in the air
cont	the man is naked on a bench .
cont	a woman is standing drinking a soda .
enta	there is a man playing a on the ground
enta	a man is giving his eyes from his eyes .
enta	there is a man and man .
neut	a sad man bends at them see making an exercise .
neut	a person is going to play a pose while a man .
cont	a man has a yellow shirt on a bright bright day .
cont	a man is entertaining a movie .
enta	a man in his shot has a person stands injured .
2 people in blue and purple costumes are looking at each other with a hill in the background .
neut	two people are dressed up for a wedding .
cont	the people are at the beach in the background .
cont	a group of people are at a bar
cont	the people are sitting in a chair .
enta	two people are looking at each other .
enta	a group of people are wearing costumes .
enta	there are people looking at each other .
enta	some people are wearing costumes .
neut	the husband is being helped by the three people on the ground .
neut	the women are looking at each other .
neut	the young people are looking at photos in the background of a hill for a
cont	the people were in a room watching a movie .
cont	the man and woman are studying in the church .
enta	people looking at something .
enta	the person is looking at each other .
enta	the two people stand next to the hill in front of the hill .
neut	two people are building a castle in the background .
neut	the people are looking at the clown .
cont	the people are asleep in the world competition .
cont	the people is looking up at the hole .
enta	people are looking at each other .
the little boy in jean shorts kicks the soccer ball .
neut	the soccer ball is brown .
cont	a group of children are playing basketball .
cont	the boy is in his bed
cont	the boy is on a beach .
enta	the boy kicks the soccer ball .
enta	a boy is playing soccer
enta	the boy is playing soccer .
enta	the boy is wearing shorts .
neut	the boy is performing a trick for his friends .
neut	a kid is playing soccer with a white net .
cont	a funny kid is drinking .
cont	a man is playing with a baseball ball
cont	the little boy is playing baseball .
enta	the little boy is holding an object .
enta	a little boy was kicking the soccer ball
neut	the boy is getting a tough soccer ball .
neut	the small boy is sled , to a second boy .
cont	the boy is running with his friends up
cont	the boy is angry because he is shooting a football .
enta	a little boy is riding a soccer ball
two children playing on the floor with toy trains .
neut	children are playing on the floor with toys in the park .
cont	two children are playing outside .
cont	the children are playing video games .
enta	two children play on the floor .
enta	children are playing on the floor .
neut	two children are playing a game for the first time .
neut	the toy is white
neut	the kids have just bought at the train station
cont	two children are walking
cont	two boys play in the park .
cont	three kids are swimming together .
enta	two children on the floor .
enta	there are two children playing on the floor .
enta	children are playing with toy .
neut	three children are trying to board a birds .
neut	a couple of children playing catch while each other in the train track .
cont	two kids are playing in a big streets .
cont	three small children are playing on rope in a wheelchair .
cont	the two children play with their dog .
cont	two children playing on a field back to the store .
enta	two children are playing on the floor .
a man in a black shirt is smiling at a woman in a black shirt what a tattoo and a eye brow ring .
neut	the man is a model
cont	a man and a woman are playing chess in a bar .
enta	a man is smiling
enta	a man smiling at a woman .
enta	two people are looking at each other .
enta	a man is smiling
neut	a man is showing off a woman for a first of his birthday .
neut	a man is spending his daughter 's feet at a wedding .
neut	a man is getting a haircut for a woman .
neut	the man is at disneyland .
cont	the man and woman are running through a field of flowers .
cont	a group of people are fighting .
enta	the man is enjoying his standing .
neut	a man is aged at a museum to make a news .
neut	a woman is watching a man who is outside having long hair .
neut	a man is looking at everyone on the last night .
cont	the woman and the man have no tan shoes .
cont	a man is singing with a woman .
cont	the man in the black shirt is n't smiling at two woman .
enta	there is a woman gets a colorful shoot .
enta	the man in the white shirt and a black shirt is smiling .
a man tries to get himself into shape on a treadmill .
neut	a man is trying to get to the ground to get into the air .
neut	a man is practicing his competition .
neut	a tall human doing a trick .
cont	a woman gets into a game of of gym
cont	a man is playing with his dog on the beach .
enta	a man has a device .
neut	a man is searching for his performance on a flight .
neut	a man is about to go to his dog .
neut	an athlete is having a competition
cont	a man rides a bicycle
cont	a child playing
cont	a young girl is on the couch .
cont	a man performing his favorite song in a field .
enta	the person is going to make a task .
neut	a man is going to see a fly .
neut	a man is about about diving into a wooden pool .
cont	the man is riding a boar
cont	a man is flying a sandcastle that is fishing .
enta	a man is giving an intricate jump .
two young girls looking at barbie dolls .
neut	two girls are looking at a baby cartoon .
neut	two girls looking at a baby for halloween .
cont	two young girls are playing in the park
cont	the girls are swimming in the ocean .
enta	two girls look at something .
enta	there are two girls looking at something .
enta	two young girls are looking at something .
enta	the girls are looking at the same toys .
neut	the young girls are are at the wedding .
neut	funny humans are looking at something .
cont	the girls sit quietly at the book .
cont	the girls are taking the baby .
cont	the girls were looking in a pool
enta	two humans wear eyes .
enta	two girls watch a book .
neut	one girl prepares to do some happy with their friends .
neut	two young girls are looking at toys ready to meet a stuffed stand .
neut	two young girls being making money at their halloween .
cont	the girls are kicking her blue toy .
cont	the girls are stealing goods in the forest .
cont	two girls are having a soda cup
cont	two girls are dressed as gorillas .
enta	two girls touching stuff at their toys .
a woman is smiling at a baby in a stroller in a meadow .
neut	the woman is the baby .
neut	a woman smiling at her child .
cont	the woman is inside the house .
cont	a woman is crying at her baby .
cont	the woman is frowning at the baby .
enta	there is a woman in a stroller .
enta	a woman is outside
enta	a woman is smiling at a baby .
enta	a woman is smiling
neut	a little girl is laughing at a joke .
cont	the woman standing in the street has a hair hands .
cont	the man is sitting at home
cont	a baby swims in a playpen for a walk .
cont	the woman is on the moon .
enta	a woman and a baby are .
enta	a woman in the sun is being built by a baby .
neut	a woman is smiling at the man on a nature park .
neut	a woman runs a baby in her yard with a baby .
neut	lady is celebrating a family picture .
cont	a woman is giving a baby in the bathroom .
cont	a woman eats a bubble in her front porch .
enta	a woman is standing as she make something .
enta	the woman is looking at her baby .
enta	the woman is looking at a baby .
a golfer has just finished swinging his club .
neut	the golfer is playing for the olympics .
neut	a golfer is playing in a tournament .
neut	a tall person playing a game .
cont	the player has a broken leg .
cont	a man is playing a game of monopoly .
cont	the golfer is sitting in the middle of the street .
cont	the golfer is in the middle of the ocean .
enta	a golfer has a game of his feet on his feet .
enta	someone is in a race .
enta	the golfer is playing .
enta	a person is playing golf .
neut	a golfer is about to score a game .
cont	the man is standing on the sidewalk
cont	an angry man in a suit .
enta	someone is at the club .
enta	an animal is outdoors .
neut	a man is playing golf during a ceremony .
cont	a man drinking his dinner in the pool .
cont	the man is dancing in a bathroom , watched .
enta	person is on throw signing .
a man on stage wearing a red shirt is zipping up his pants .
neut	a man doing a trick for a crowd
neut	a sad man on stage is looking at his pants .
cont	the man is wearing a blue shirt
cont	the man is riding a bike
enta	a man is wearing a red shirt .
enta	a man is wearing pants .
neut	a man is on his way home from school .
cont	the man is naked .
cont	an old man is wearing a green shirt .
cont	a man is on the stage watching a concert in a park .
enta	a man is taking his shoes .
enta	a male wearing a red shirt and pants is on stage .
enta	someone is wearing a shirt .
neut	a man in a red car protecting his skirt .
neut	a man is nervous while riding a skateboard .
cont	a man skis from an sleeping chair .
cont	man of yard is laying with his children .
enta	a man is climbing a stage
woman standing on a ladder fixing letters on a theater sign , while one woman watches and one man stands nearby .
neut	a woman stands on a ladder picking up a ladder to get to the store
neut	the woman is a professional team .
neut	a woman is trying to get to work on a project .
cont	the woman is standing on the ground waiting for the train to arrive .
enta	a woman is standing on a ladder outside .
neut	she is looking at the political of the new york .
cont	the person is sitting on a ladder with a woman .
enta	there is a man and an woman enjoy an outdoor work .
enta	there is a woman and a man .
neut	a woman is using a ladder to make the health center .
neut	a man and the woman have mad on a side light .
cont	a woman takes a test in front of the deli .
cont	the woman puts the water on the ladder .
enta	a group of people currently each other on a ladder .
a girl is standing and another one is sitting by a tree
neut	the girl is waiting for her husband
neut	one girl is waiting for her mother to arrive .
neut	the girl is waiting for her friend
cont	the girl was standing and one one is sitting
cont	a girl is sitting on a bench
enta	one girl is standing and another one is sitting by a tree .
enta	a girl is standing and another sits with another person
enta	there is a girl and a girl sitting by a tree .
enta	the girl and the girl are sitting together .
neut	a girl is standing with a drink on the bench and his friend is sitting
neut	the girls are enjoying the tree .
neut	a girl is about to get ready for a break .
cont	the man is sitting in his office .
cont	both woman are dancing inside the tree .
cont	a woman and a boy are watching a movie .
cont	a boy and girl are walking into the park .
enta	a group of people are standing
enta	a young girl stands with another .
enta	girl sees a tree .
enta	a group of children standing .
neut	the girl is trying to get a man stands .
cont	a girl is standing with no a hose .
cont	a woman is being observed by a younger boy .
cont	a girl is standing on the grass with a creek .
cont	the girl runs his red wagon .
enta	a girl is standing with someone else .
enta	some girl is sitting on a tree
a woman nibbles at a food item in her hands .
neut	a woman eats a meal for her family .
cont	a woman is eating a sandwich .
cont	the woman is eating a sandwich .
cont	a woman is sleeping on the floor .
enta	a woman eats a meal in her hands
enta	the woman is eating a meal .
enta	a woman is eating
neut	someone is preparing for a wedding .
neut	a tall woman making a meal .
cont	the woman is eating a pretzel .
cont	nobody is playing at the food food food items .
cont	a woman is walking into the store .
enta	the store is being held by a woman .
enta	the woman is outdoors
neut	a woman getting ready to take a dinner in her hands .
neut	a woman having a drink at the restaurant .
cont	a woman sits in milk and wearing a princess .
cont	a woman is juggling food at a concert .
enta	a person is near a bowl .
enta	a woman is offering her cook at a food store .
two men are listening to music through headphones .
neut	the men are in a band .
cont	two women listening to a woman listening to music .
cont	the two men are playing the piano
enta	two men listening to music while listening to music .
enta	the men are listening to music .
enta	the men are listening to music .
enta	there are two men listening to music .
neut	two people watch children play music .
cont	the men were n't wearing headphones .
cont	two ladies are indoors .
cont	two ladies in the park are doing a test .
enta	men talking on the instruments
enta	two men are talking .
enta	men listening to music .
enta	two men are talking .
neut	a man is talking to his friends while on mic
neut	two men are talking about their sign .
neut	two men are attending a musical show .
cont	the two men are walking in the woods .
cont	bill men are walking through the streets
enta	two men are talking about their headphones .
two men one in orange shirt , who is ahead , and one in green shirt running a race .
neut	two friends are running a race
cont	two women run a race .
cont	two women run a race
cont	two women run a race
enta	two men are racing in a race .
enta	there are two men running .
enta	two men are running .
enta	two men run a race in a race .
neut	the two men were running a track for a phone .
neut	the men on a track are running for the same .
cont	two men are sitting .
cont	a man is at the track track .
cont	the two men were on the beach
enta	the men are outside running .
enta	two men are being photographed .
neut	there are two men playing soccer outside .
neut	the men are competing in a race for an audience .
cont	the tourists are in the driveway of a race .
cont	two of are are 50 in a cafe .
enta	two men , one moving are in grass .
a male is placing an order in a deli .
neut	the man is a butcher .
neut	the man is looking for the meat to eat .
cont	the man is at home sleeping
cont	the man is sleeping .
enta	a man has a meal
enta	the man is looking at something .
enta	a man has a meal in a restaurant .
neut	a man attempts to find his new work .
neut	a male is making a wedding party .
neut	a man wearing a hat is waiting for his work to be a sale .
neut	the chief prepares a meal for their family .
cont	a man is at the beach
cont	a female is selling a new dish .
cont	a man is cooking a cake at the beach .
enta	a male is holding an object .
enta	a man is getting an exercise in the baking .
neut	a female is training for money
neut	a man in a bar goes to clean the restaurant .
neut	a man is going to the chicken restaurant .
neut	a student is praying at a spices sandwich .
cont	the woman is holding a word .
cont	the bald person is not standing wearing anything .
cont	a man is doing a movie of the woods .
cont	two people are sitting in a tote
enta	there is a person in an restaurant
enta	a person is carrying a commercial call .
enta	a female is being constructed by a worker .
a man with a bald head and wearing eyeglasses is carving a turkey .
neut	he is making a piece of money
neut	the man is making a quilt .
neut	the man is making a quilt .
neut	the man is making a piece of fruit .
cont	the man is wearing a red shirt .
cont	a woman with a blue head is making a plate .
enta	a man is carving a .
enta	a man using a piece of fruit .
neut	a man is ready to put off his head to work .
neut	a father with no shirt ironing his head to make a man 's head .
neut	a man is cleaning the new new york .
cont	a man in a blue hat is taking a nap on his couch at home
cont	a man is holding onto a feather on his head .
cont	a man is watching tv .
enta	someone is playing with an instrument .
neut	the man is getting ready to load himself .
neut	a man is being shaded by a museum .
cont	a man eats at a field .
cont	a man is wearing a plain skirt .
cont	an old man is drawing a garden in the road .
cont	a man is carving a doll .
enta	a man is being pulled by a man .
a group of people walking across the street some carrying large black and red flags .
neut	a group of people are walking across the street to get to the other .
neut	the group of people are going to a party
cont	people are sitting on a bench .
cont	people are walking across a field .
enta	there is a group of people walking across the street .
enta	there is a group of people walking across the street .
enta	some people are walking across a street .
neut	a group of people are enjoying the street in front of a large crowd .
cont	there are no people who are fishing .
cont	they are drinking wine
cont	the people have flags at the local party .
enta	someone is carrying flags
enta	some people are carrying flags .
neut	humans of people are walking down the street protesters .
neut	the people are walking on the street marching .
cont	the people are standing near the criminal light .
cont	the people are eating food at the mall .
cont	a group of people are sitting on top of a snow hill .
enta	a group of people are walking across the street .
a boy falls off of his scooter during an obstacle course .
neut	the boy is wearing a blue shirt .
cont	a girl is sitting on a bench .
cont	the boy was playing basketball .
enta	a boy is riding a scooter .
enta	the boy is riding a scooter
enta	a boy is outside .
enta	a boy is riding a scooter .
neut	a boy is on his first scooter .
cont	the boy is in a room .
cont	a little boy is standing at the park
cont	the boy is sleeping on the back of a scooter .
cont	the man is rollerblading down the road
enta	someone is waiting on scooter .
neut	a boy wears a pink shorts for his balance .
neut	the boy is showing their father 's bicycle .
neut	a boy is working on his scooter for a track .
cont	the youngster is playing with skateboards in the park .
cont	the teenager is doing a biking policeman .
cont	a boy is giving his boat up the road .
enta	people are involved in an line before a scooter .
enta	there is a boy holds his scooter
a slender , blond-haired woman in a low-cut white shirt walks by a menu with items written in a foreign language .
neut	she is a farmer .
neut	a woman walks by a box of food for her friend .
cont	the woman is eating a sandwich in a restaurant .
cont	the woman is wearing a green shirt .
enta	a woman is walking
enta	a woman is walking
enta	a woman walks by a shopping .
enta	a woman is walking .
neut	a female is buying a wedding .
neut	woman going to work .
neut	the woman on the telephone is carrying the woman 's new new .
neut	a woman just got off the shopping cart .
cont	girl buying food
cont	a woman uses the red rose 's from the window .
cont	the woman walks by the bushes
cont	the woman is standing .
enta	the woman walks .
enta	the woman buys something .
enta	a young woman is walking .
enta	a female is at a public .
neut	a woman is looking for a pie .
cont	a woman is napping a bird on the beach .
cont	the woman is running at the airport being struck .
cont	a cat is sleeping in a desert
enta	a woman is walking and reading books .
middle-aged man in casual clothes looking off-camera .
neut	a young man looking at his wife .
neut	the man is looking at the sky while looking at the sky .
cont	the man is looking at the sky with his face .
enta	the man has a camera .
enta	a man is looking at something in front of a man .
neut	a man is pointing at the news .
neut	a man is getting ready for a wedding party .
neut	a young man is happy to be at the wedding .
cont	the man in the clothes is not looking at the same .
cont	the man is looking down at the sky .
enta	there is a man in a clothes looking at clothes .
enta	a shirtless man is pointing at a man .
neut	a man is taking a picture of its autumn .
neut	the beard is looking out the final shot .
neut	the man is being carried to join a flower .
cont	the man is climbing a tree left .
cont	a man is feeding his dog 's eyes .
cont	a man is using a courtroom to go out of a truck .
enta	the man is wearing something clothes .
enta	a guy is looking at someone in a suit .
two yellow dogs are running side by side down a road .
neut	the dogs are chasing a rabbit .
neut	dogs running to catch a ball
neut	the dogs are playing outside .
neut	two dogs are chasing a ball outside
cont	the dogs are sleeping on the porch .
cont	the dogs are sleeping
cont	the dogs are playing with a ball in the park .
cont	two dogs are sleeping on the road .
enta	there are animals in the field .
enta	the animals are running
enta	two dogs running .
neut	two dogs are chasing each other around .
neut	the animals are racing in the race
neut	two dogs are chasing each other around a road .
cont	two brown dogs running in the mall .
cont	two dogs are watching tv inside .
enta	two dogs are in exercise .
enta	two dogs are out in the air .
neut	two dogs are competing at a marathon with one leg .
neut	a small tan dog is running away with their owner .
cont	the cats are taking a picture of the green road .
cont	the they are crawling on the field .
cont	two dogs are running on their couch holding a toy .
cont	a dog sits on the floor with a tree .
enta	they are running at this road .
a man and a woman are boxing in a park with flowering trees .
neut	a man and woman are in a park with a family in the park .
cont	the people are inside a building .
cont	the man and woman are sitting in the grass .
cont	the man and woman are sitting in the park with their friends .
enta	a man and a woman are outdoors .
enta	the man and woman are in the park .
enta	a man and a woman are wrestling outdoors .
enta	there is a man and a woman in a park .
neut	a man and woman jump for an upcoming date
cont	some men are playing catch with a woman .
cont	the man and woman are running around .
cont	children take in a car
enta	there are people in park .
neut	the man and woman are close to a mountain hole .
cont	the boy is crying and playing baseball .
cont	a blonde woman and her daughter are standing on the street together .
cont	a man is about to another and goldfish .
cont	a man is playing jump with a tree .
enta	a couple , the couple and there are using drumsticks
a man with a black suit and a woman in a white dress holding red flowers and her marriage certificate got married .
neut	a couple is getting ready to go .
cont	a man and woman are at the beach .
cont	a group of people are at a movie theater .
cont	a man and a woman are playing chess .
cont	a man and woman are sitting on a bench .
enta	people holding flowers
enta	a couple holding flowers
enta	two people holding flowers .
enta	a man and a woman are getting married .
neut	the couple is on a date .
neut	the couple with black black suit are making a wedding gifts .
neut	the man and woman are a couple
neut	a man and women are showing their wedding marriage 's wedding .
cont	a man and woman are reading a book .
cont	a man and woman are playing the drums .
cont	a man and woman are running to the beach in the ocean .
enta	there are humans outdoors .
enta	a man and woman were being held by a man .
enta	there are people outside .
enta	some children at a wedding .
neut	the lovers are wearing a formal for a wedding .
cont	the people are carefully for a cross room .
cont	two people are fighting for a straight boat .
cont	the man was in a tree house .
enta	a lady is holding a man .
enta	male first waiter and a woman .
a young dark-haired woman crouches on the banks of a river while washing dishes .
neut	a sad woman resting on the river .
neut	a woman is washing dishes for her family .
neut	the woman hates cleaning dishes .
cont	a woman is sleeping on a couch
cont	the woman is playing in the sand
cont	a woman is swimming in the ocean .
enta	the woman has a lot of water .
enta	the woman is washing dishes in the river .
enta	a woman is washing dishes .
enta	a woman working on the river .
neut	the woman has a shirt on .
neut	woman cleaning having 's home after a game
neut	the woman needs to get her hair done .
cont	a boy is walking into the water .
enta	she passes by the river .
enta	a woman is standing .
neut	a young woman is working with their lunch break .
neut	the woman is getting ready for a race .
neut	a attractive woman fixing something while waiting for her turn .
neut	a young woman is enjoying the night on a summer day .
cont	a woman is checking a blanket before the store .
cont	a young woman made dirty from the grocery mouth .
cont	the woman is a fire worker through the river .
enta	a young woman is using paper utensils .
enta	a young woman is hanging down at the sea
a guitarist performs on stage .
neut	the guitarist is performing for a crowd
cont	a man plays the drums .
cont	the guitarist is in the middle of the ocean .
enta	a person is playing guitar
enta	the guitarist performs .
enta	a person is performing on stage .
enta	a guitarist is performing .
neut	the guitarist is a famous singer .
neut	a guitarist playing guitar on a stage for the day
cont	a woman is preparing a meal .
cont	the drummer and the guitarist are playing the drums .
enta	the guitarist performs on the stage .
neut	a well drummer is performing on a stage to begin .
cont	a guitar player is playing hopscotch outside .
enta	a band on stage playing the band .
enta	the guitarist is singing on stage
a group of people looking at menus in a white restaurant .
neut	a group of people are at a restaurant for a party .
cont	the people are at the beach
cont	some people are sitting on a couch .
enta	the people are looking at the restaurant .
enta	a group of people are looking at the restaurant in a white restaurant .
enta	there are people looking at the restaurant in the restaurant .
enta	there are people looking at food
neut	the group of people are watching a couple of people watching the restaurant .
neut	the people are drinking wine at a restaurant .
cont	people are camping
cont	the group of people were watching television at home .
enta	the people were waiting at food .
enta	there is a group watching a meal in a bar .
neut	many people are looking into items in a green restaurant .
neut	the group of people are waiting for food to eat .
neut	a group of people are standing and taking future to each other .
neut	people are looking at a white women they have bread .
cont	a group of people are working on the ground .
cont	the woman is dancing using at the buffet .
cont	the people are fighting in a large restaurant .
enta	people are gathered in a swanky restaurant .
enta	there is a group of people sitting outside of a restaurant .
young boy with tongue out hula hooping with two hula hoops in a crowded area , man in blue shirt stands behind him .
neut	the hula team is winning .
neut	a boy is playing with hula hoops for a boy .
cont	a young boy is playing inside .
enta	a boy is outside
enta	a boy is playing with hula hoops .
enta	the boy is playing with hula hoops .
enta	a boy is playing with hula hoops
neut	a young boy is getting ready for a hula tournament for the city .
cont	a boy is going down the hill in the park .
cont	a woman is sitting at home
cont	a dog chases the hula boys .
cont	a boy is laying on a couch
enta	a man is having a hula dance in a city .
enta	there is a boy playing
neut	the boy is trying to entertain people .
cont	a man is skating in a field of being built .
cont	a girl and little boy are playing cricket in a building .
enta	two young child give off skills on balls .
an african american man getting his haircut by another man .
neut	a man getting his haircut to go to work .
neut	the man is a singer .
cont	a man and a woman are eating .
enta	the man is getting his haircut
enta	the man is touching a man .
enta	there is a man who is getting his haircut
neut	the black man is a sculptor .
neut	a fat man falls for someone .
neut	the old man is a scientist .
cont	the man is making burgers .
enta	a man is making his hair shaved .
enta	a guy and a man are in the picture .
neut	some other guys watching to a company that went
neut	the men in the bridal parlor about things .
neut	a female man is guiding a tricycle in his favorite shop .
cont	a man was dragging his dog in front of a music .
cont	a man is playing golf with a dog .
enta	an older man is getting fix of a man .
a man wearing a white shirt and an orange shirt jumped into the air .
neut	a person is near a desert .
neut	a tall human jumping
cont	a man is sleeping .
cont	a man is wearing a black shirt
enta	a man is jumping into the air .
enta	a man wearing a shirt .
enta	a man wearing a shirt is jumping .
neut	someone is in a hurry
neut	a man is performing with his family .
neut	a man is training for an upcoming competition
cont	a man is building english in the desert .
cont	a man in a black shirt is leaning away into the air .
cont	a man is wearing a red shirt
cont	one man eats a dog at the beach .
enta	a human is trying to get into the air .
enta	a person is performing a task .
enta	a man is in the air
neut	a man is running silently in the air .
neut	the man is working against the floor because he is a desert .
neut	a man is trying to cross a field .
cont	a man is working on a couch
cont	a man laying fishes in a small camera .
enta	a man is kicking out of the air .
a man and woman showing a small child how to use a gun .
neut	the child is trying to test a child .
cont	the man and woman are sitting in the grass .
cont	the man is sleeping
cont	the man and woman are sitting on the couch .
enta	people make a gun .
enta	the people are using a gun .
neut	there are two people getting ready to go on a date .
neut	a man and woman have a photo shoot
cont	a man and woman ride a bus .
cont	the man and woman are looking at the ocean
enta	a man and a woman are in the picture
enta	one of the child is talking to the child .
neut	the man and woman are part of a celebrity .
neut	a couple and their body prepare to fix a gun .
cont	two children are taking a newspaper before the four .
cont	a couple watches a small boy run .
cont	a woman and her mother doing an finals off the sidewalk .
enta	the plane and wife are having a person at something .
enta	the woman was using a behind tool .
couple watching the moon on a bridge .
neut	people watching the cowboy on the bridge to get to work .
neut	the couple are watching the cowboy .
cont	the couple are watching tv
cont	a man and a woman are watching a movie in the hall .
cont	the couple are watching a movie .
enta	a couple is on a bridge .
enta	a couple watching a bridge .
neut	some people in a river looking for the top of a bridge .
neut	these people just came to see a bridge in the park .
neut	the couple are on their way to a rock .
cont	the couple are canoeing .
cont	the people and the rock are painting .
enta	two people hang on a bridge
enta	two people are wet .
neut	the couple are standing on a bridge to date .
neut	two people are being served by a mountain lake .
cont	the couple are standing around the fire man .
cont	the couple are sitting on the ground watching .
enta	two people are by the tunnel
a gentleman cooks multiple dishes while preparing extra ingredients in his kitchen , windows open behind him .
neut	the man is a chef
neut	the man is making food for a family .
cont	the man is eating at a restaurant
cont	the man is eating at the restaurant
cont	he is eating dinner
enta	he is preparing food
enta	a gentleman is preparing food .
enta	a gentleman is preparing food .
neut	a professional man is making breakfast in his kitchen .
neut	a man is working hard for his new new sculpture .
cont	someone is watching tv .
enta	a man is setting colorful dishes .
enta	a man is fixing his food from his house .
neut	a sad man is smoking while asking to party .
cont	the man is yelling at the restaurant .
enta	a person is carrying heavy produce .
backside view of a south america street vendor tending to her upright oven with a second woman looking away .
neut	a woman is trying to get to the store .
neut	a woman looks for her husband 's birthday party .
neut	two friends are looking at their next to the street vendor and a woman .
cont	a woman is driving a car .
enta	the woman is looking at her .
enta	a woman is looking at her .
enta	a woman looks at her .
neut	the street vendor is a cashier .
cont	the vendor is driving .
cont	a man took a break to his truck
enta	the woman is looking at something
enta	the vendor is doing something .
neut	a little woman is giving a shirt for her wife .
cont	a man is showing a living room .
cont	two men observing and a man is running to get out of her laundry .
cont	a woman is giving no longer to collect
enta	a person is checking out a cake .
enta	a leather variety shirt is working on an obstacle .
man in white shirt and blue jeans looking to the side while walking down a busy sidewalk .
neut	the man owns the busy sidewalk .
neut	the man is looking for a ride .
cont	the man is wearing a green shirt .
cont	the man is wearing a green shirt .
enta	a man walks down a busy sidewalk outside .
enta	a man is wearing white pants .
enta	the man has a shirt on .
enta	man walking down a sidewalk .
neut	the man is looking for a picture .
cont	the man is falling down the sidewalk .
cont	a man is dressed in red .
cont	the man is sitting on a bus .
enta	someone is walking
enta	a man is trying to get something .
enta	the man is wearing a white shirt .
neut	the man is n't taking he approaches a place .
neut	a man is going to get some soup
cont	a man is putting up a house 's hand .
enta	a man is squatting on a busy sidewalk .
enta	a man is near the body of other village .
enta	a man is wearing clothes and a shirt .
man laying on a platform outside on some rocks .
neut	the man is laying on a platform for a friend .
neut	the man is in the park .
cont	a man is sitting in a chair .
enta	a man laying on a platform outside .
enta	the man is laying on a platform .
enta	a man is outdoors .
enta	a man laying on a platform .
neut	a man is a gymnast
neut	a man is getting ready to laying on the ground .
neut	the man is happily on a platform .
cont	a man is taking an rope outdoors .
cont	a man is on a boat at the park
cont	a man is taking his dog in a parade .
cont	the man is sleeping in the park
enta	a man is laying on the ground with rocks .
enta	a man is lying in nature .
neut	an old man taking tuesday in the canteen on his neighbor .
neut	a man is looking on winning a mountain on the wooden gate .
neut	a man is laying on a platform and prepares .
cont	the man is installing his car before pounce .
cont	a man stands in the bleachers knitting while taking a break .
cont	the man is setting his football on the seashore .
enta	the man is working in front of the rocks .
enta	the man is outside on the ground ,
a group of women in white robes walk through the grass .
neut	the women are walking to the store to buy .
neut	the women are walking to the store .
cont	a man is walking through a park
cont	women are sitting on a couch .
enta	women walk through the grass .
enta	a group of women are in the grass .
enta	the women are outside in the grass .
enta	a group of women are walking outside .
neut	a group of young women with a bank on the grass .
neut	a group of women walk through the park .
neut	the women are walking through the park .
cont	women are shopping for shoes .
enta	the women are outside .
enta	women outdoors
neut	a group of women are enjoying their garden in the grass .
neut	a group of woman are shopping having there at the field .
neut	a group of women is carrying a wedding hidden
cont	all of the females are walking under the streets .
cont	a group of women sitting in line at the grass .
cont	a group of women is attending a restaurant .
cont	a group of female ride a bike and watches their shirts .
enta	a group of women walk are , standing in preparation .
enta	a woman and women are walking through the grass .
enta	there are women standing around the grass .
a female sings and plays into a microphone and a male in green striped shorts plays a hand drum
neut	a female and a woman are singing in a band .
neut	the band is playing a song .
cont	two men play instruments .
cont	a man plays drums .
cont	a female band is playing a guitar .
enta	the man and woman are singing .
enta	a woman and a man are playing music together .
enta	two people play a song on a microphone .
neut	a female singing his drummer .
neut	a female sings on stage is really for a woman .
neut	there is a female play songs for a live audience .
cont	a lady and child are playing on the field .
cont	the man is sitting on a bench
cont	a female is sitting in a recliner playing his drums
enta	a woman played songs by a audience .
enta	a female a pop in a musical instrument .
enta	a woman is holding a drum near a microphone .
enta	a man is playing a instrument .
neut	a teenager is trying to get a audience game .
neut	the lawyer is playing a drums solo .
cont	a performer is not holding a smartphone .
cont	the wearing boy is playing guitar in front of a audience .
enta	the girl is using a microphone .
enta	the man is singing a song .
children play on a sit-and-spin at the local playground while others slide in the background .
neut	the children are playing in the park .
neut	the kids are playing with their toys .
cont	children are sitting on the couch .
cont	two boys are swimming in the ocean .
cont	kids are playing video games .
cont	children are playing video games .
enta	kids are playing on a playground while others watch .
enta	kids are playing on a playground .
enta	children are playing on a playground .
enta	children play on a playground while others watch .
neut	kids play in a big park and have fun on the park bench .
neut	some kids are playing toss over a large crowd
cont	a cow barking at the children .
cont	kids sleeping in a bed .
cont	there are children playing a video game .
enta	children are playing .
enta	kids are in a playground .
neut	the children prepare to jump on the river .
neut	a group of kids are playing high games in the park .
neut	mexican boys and a judge are playing on a hike .
cont	push are playing through the casino .
cont	the children are snarling outside in the river .
enta	children are climbing in the air .
enta	there are children playing outside at the park .
a young woman sits crosslegged beside her purse on the grass among a crowd of dogs .
neut	the woman sits next to her dog at the park .
neut	a group of people watch dogs play in the grass .
cont	a woman is sitting on a bench in a park .
cont	the woman is riding a bike
cont	the woman is riding a bike
enta	the woman is sitting next to her dog .
enta	the woman sits by her dog
enta	the woman is sitting outside .
enta	the woman is outside with her dogs .
neut	the woman was a large friends .
neut	a woman and her dogs are getting their dog for a walk .
neut	the female is scared of the dog .
cont	the woman is standing
cont	a boy is playing with a dog
cont	the woman is standing in the river .
enta	a female is caring .
enta	a woman working in the grass with her dogs are present .
neut	a american woman stands by a bunch of dogs and her dog .
cont	a boy in a theater holding a rabbit .
cont	the lady is taking a bird with her cat .
cont	a girl is about to bowl by a black man .
enta	a woman is watching a guy and dogs on the grass .
a small child sits in the water , holding on to a bit of wood while smiling for a picture .
neut	the child is a girl
neut	a child is taking a picture of a lake .
cont	the child is standing .
cont	a child sits on the ground .
cont	a child is playing with a dog in the water .
enta	a child sits in the water while looking for a picture .
enta	a child sits in the water
enta	there is a child outside in the water .
enta	a child is sitting outside .
neut	a child enjoys a big game with his family .
neut	the child is going to work
neut	a little kid is reading a book on the water to get to his family
cont	this child is indoors
enta	a child is by an animal .
neut	a boy is drawing two palm while dressed in a water
cont	a child is climbing and holding on large wood .
cont	a group of people are on top of the river with fallen branches .
cont	a child is setting a picture before a house .
cont	the boy is fast asleep in a chair .
enta	the child excitedly with an object .
enta	a child is being led by a other child .
a little girl in a pink shirt about to cry
neut	a girl is crying because she is holding .
neut	a little girl is crying at her friend .
cont	a girl is eating a sandwich .
cont	a girl is playing with a dog .
cont	the girl is wearing a pink shirt and reading a book .
enta	a girl has a shirt .
enta	a little girl is crying .
neut	the girl hates the woman .
cont	a small child is not wearing a shirt
cont	a little boy is wearing a blue shirt
cont	a man is not having an order .
enta	two girls are walking .
neut	the girl is dressed for her wife .
neut	a suitcase woman is holding a pretty color of her mom .
cont	a little girl is dancing in a chair .
enta	a female girl in a pink shirt .
a skateboarder goes down a railing .
neut	a skateboarder is doing tricks on a railing for his friend .
neut	a skateboarder does a trick in the rain .
cont	a skateboarder is sitting on the ground while riding a skateboard .
cont	the skateboarder is on the ground .
enta	a person riding a skateboard .
enta	a skateboarder is riding .
enta	the skateboarder is riding
neut	a skateboarder doing tricks at the park .
neut	a skateboarder is practicing his skateboarding competition .
cont	the man is walking his dog .
enta	the person is skateboarding
neut	the skateboarder is a jump during a race .
neut	a skateboarder is leading to a parked spinning .
cont	the dirt guy is riding a bike in the snow .
enta	a skateboarder is going down a structure
a woman with a purple purse sits on the metro with her suitcase .
neut	a woman is sitting on a bench .
neut	a woman is waiting for someone .
cont	a woman is sleeping in bed .
cont	the woman is sleeping .
cont	a woman is on the bus .
enta	the woman is on the street .
enta	a woman is outside
neut	a lady is waiting for a train
neut	a woman in a purple purse is watching the cab cab .
cont	a woman throws a purse .
cont	a woman is holding a black purse on the floor .
cont	a woman washes in her car .
enta	a woman with a purple purse holds her bag .
neut	a old woman is working at nighttime
neut	a woman is carrying a tire to sit .
cont	a woman is making a snacks snacks .
cont	a man is flying a low down view .
cont	a woman is running away at the hotel .
enta	the woman has a purse .
a group of people riding bikes in a marathon as people line the street .
neut	a group of people are riding bikes in a marathon for the first time .
neut	a group of people riding bikes in a marathon for their friends .
cont	the people are in the car .
cont	the people are sitting in the living room .
cont	the group of people are sitting in a chair .
enta	there are people in a marathon .
enta	a group of people are outside .
enta	some people are riding bikes .
enta	a group of people riding bikes
neut	the group of people are training for a bike ride for the charity .
neut	the group of people are ride their bikes for the first time .
neut	they are racing .
cont	a bunch of skateboarders are riding the bus .
cont	people riding bikes in a field .
cont	a large group is listening to a concert .
enta	the people are riding a bike .
enta	a group of people are riding bikes in a marathon .
enta	people ride bikes on the street .
neut	a group of people are shopping for race to watch .
neut	people are dodging a motorcycle in the marathon .
cont	a group of people are running down the road to people .
cont	a group of people are riding bicycles down a road .
cont	the people are running on the marathon marathon .
enta	a group of people are riding their bikes .
a man in a blue suit reached towards a seated women in an office .
neut	a man is waiting for his friend .
cont	a woman is on a bench .
cont	the man is in the kitchen .
enta	the man is wearing a suit .
enta	two people are standing in an office .
enta	a man is wearing a blue suit .
neut	a man gets ready to go out at the office
cont	a woman sets up the school room .
enta	the man is by the women 's office .
neut	a man is near the two women working for a crime .
neut	a man is trying to cross women in a church .
neut	three people are waiting for a deal to cut their nails .
cont	a man in a blue suit has no hair on it .
enta	a guy is taking a while woman .
a man in an urban area is sweeping the sidewalks , with a group of people in the background , crossing a street .
neut	the man is a professional street artist .
neut	the man is a professional for a long time picture
cont	the man is cooking dinner .
cont	the man is on a bench .
enta	a man and a group of people are sweeping the street .
enta	people are outside .
enta	a man is sweeping the street
enta	there are people outside on a street .
neut	the road is small
neut	someone is waiting for a bus .
neut	the road is new and the men are working .
cont	a woman is waving a group of people
cont	the parade is indoors .
enta	a man is next to a group of people walking .
enta	a man sweeping the road with a group of people in the city .
neut	a person is talking to a group of people taking the turns .
neut	a man is about to go to go upstairs .
neut	a man is trying to find a busy sidewalk .
neut	a couple people cart the streets in front of a black and bridge .
cont	these travelers sit near the sidewalk of a tall building .
cont	a man and grandmother standing in a building drinking the weather .
cont	a group of people are swimming in the streets .
enta	the people are performing in the street with a group of people .
a black and white dog running through shallow water .
neut	a dog runs through a field of water
cont	a cat is running .
cont	the cat is chasing a cat .
enta	a dog running with water .
enta	a dog running .
enta	the dog is running outside .
neut	a dog running through the water chasing the ball .
neut	the dog is running away from the river .
cont	a black and white dog are sleeping on the couch .
cont	a cat is in the water .
enta	the black dog is outside .
neut	a dog is going to get another dog while in the water .
neut	the dog is happy and jump into a large pool .
cont	a dog is on a farm barbecue
cont	a white dog with on top is a tree .
cont	a group of all feet in the water trying to eat their master .
enta	a dog is running through the water .
enta	a dog is running through the water .
a worker in a striped orange , gray , and white t-shirt hovers over a stand that is displaying different kinds of flat bread .
neut	a worker is trying to get to the bread .
neut	a worker is trying to make a lot of bread .
neut	the worker is a farmer
neut	the worker is a farmer .
cont	a man sits on a chair .
cont	a man is drinking a beer on a bottle
enta	a man is pointing over bread .
enta	a man is pointing over bread to a stand .
neut	a shop inspector is ringing for their order of bread .
cont	a worker with a blue and white shirt work a meal
cont	a man is playing with a cat in a pool .
cont	a man is painting a portrait of the women and his family .
enta	a guy is working with a piece of bread and eating .
neut	the father is working on a project to eat a breakfast .
cont	a woman is bringing the sofa of white corn .
cont	the person is wearing a large shirt and blouse .
cont	a woman watches to work with straw
cont	a young woman is standing down with her bathtub .
enta	a person in glasses with an asian shirt
enta	the gray striped pattern is being cleared over the lot of only .
a boy in a colorful hat and red shirt holding a green seed at the beach .
neut	the boy is at the beach with his family .
cont	a girl with a green shirt .
cont	a boy is in a blue hat .
cont	a boy is sitting on a couch .
cont	a boy is wearing a black hat
enta	a boy in a colorful hat and red shirt holding a green shirt
enta	a boy is holding a green shirt .
enta	a boy is outside .
enta	a boy is outside .
neut	a boy holds his pet in the ocean .
neut	the boy is asian .
cont	the barefoot boy holds a cat .
cont	the boy is naked
enta	a boy is behind an object
enta	a boy in a light hat stands at the beach
neut	the boy is holding a tall hole and is bad .
neut	the boy is boring catch into the water .
cont	a boy is sweeping a tree alone .
enta	there is a boy at the beach
a young girl with long hair , glasses and a lip ring playing on her iphone in a brightly lit room .
neut	a young girl with long hair is playing with her doll .
neut	a young girl plays with her mom on her phone .
cont	a woman plays with a dog .
cont	the girl is playing with her dog .
cont	a young girl with long hair is playing with her dog .
enta	a girl plays on her phone .
enta	the girl is playing with her toy .
enta	the girl is playing with her toy .
enta	a girl is playing with her toy .
neut	a young girl plays on a sunny day
neut	a girl is performing an exam for the first time .
cont	a young girl is playing with a piano .
cont	the girl is playing football
enta	a girl with glasses is playing with a video game .
enta	the girl is playing indoors .
neut	the women is a martial still clean .
cont	the young girl is reading a newspaper .
cont	a girl is playing football with a smile .
cont	a swimmer held the news alone .
enta	a young girl is playing on a couch
enta	a girl in large , one of a costume stand by playing .
enta	a young girl looks like an object in the room .
a busy street scene on a rainy day full of umbrella toting walkers .
neut	the busy street is crowded with an asian guy on a street .
neut	the crowd was watching the runners race
neut	the crowd was watching the parade
neut	a street is being taken for a day
cont	the street is empty with no people .
cont	the street is empty with no people .
enta	there are a lot of people .
enta	the street is crowded with the umbrella .
neut	a bunch of guys are riding bikes to the top of a street
neut	the street party .
neut	people are going home .
cont	a single man in a yellow outfit is riding a big bike .
cont	the group of men are sleeping
cont	spongebob is a crowd
cont	you wish swim in the rain .
enta	someone is in a road
enta	the crowd is gathered
neut	a kid is watching the city on a sidewalk .
neut	people carries mass the traffic scooters to make away .
neut	the crowd of people are coming to flip hair into a fire .
neut	a woman is being on a street market , with it is full .
cont	a couple is setting tire before a nap .
cont	the train will runners on the street with it .
enta	there is a bunch of people on the city street .
a young woman standing on a tall ladder is changing the display title on the front of an old movie theater .
neut	the woman is waiting for her husband to arrive .
cont	the woman is sitting on the ground waiting for the train
cont	a man is standing near a rock .
enta	a young woman standing on a ladder outside .
enta	a woman is standing on a ladder
enta	a woman is standing on a ladder outside
neut	the lady is wearing jeans .
neut	a woman is fixing her daughter 's shoes .
cont	there are no women present .
cont	a young man is watching tv in the living room .
enta	a person 's attention is covered with things .
neut	a young woman is trying to find a street plane .
neut	a tom is taking a picture of another performed on .
cont	a man sleeps on a table and drawing the paper .
cont	a man living is reading on a ladder .
enta	a woman standing on a ladder while looking ready the video .
enta	a person is standing on a ladder with cardboard equipment .
an older gentleman in a blue sports jacket and glasses is talking to a woman in an off-white jacket .
neut	a man talks to his wife in a jacket .
neut	a couple are talking about the weather .
cont	the man is playing with a dog .
enta	there is a man in a jacket
enta	the older man is talking to a woman .
enta	there are two people in the background .
enta	a man and woman are talking to a woman
neut	a boy is talking to the woman at the wedding .
cont	a woman is watching the woman dance in the yard .
enta	the old man is talking on a man in a blue jacket .
neut	a man who is very talented and a cap .
neut	the instructor is well walking her sister .
neut	a man is talking about a woman 's blond hair .
cont	a man is feeding a woman .
cont	the lady is walking along the fast wall .
enta	there is a guy and a woman look to the sunglasses .
a large black dog and a small brown dog are playing in the house .
neut	the dogs are all friends .
cont	a dog is chasing a cat .
cont	a dog is eating a biscuit .
cont	a cat and a small dog are sitting .
enta	a dog and a brown dog are in the house .
enta	there are two dogs playing .
neut	a large dog is playing fetch with his owner
neut	some dogs playing fetch .
neut	a family and dogs are playing fetch in the house
cont	the dogs were wrestling at the park .
cont	cats are sleeping .
cont	a black dog and a dog playing in the grass .
enta	a small dog plays with a large dog .
neut	these owner stand on the road with a large dog .
neut	the three black dogs are playing together with their dogs .
cont	the puppies are eating out at the lady .
cont	a cat and his dog are running in the distance .
enta	a large dog is playing with a brown dogs .
enta	a big dog is black
enta	a dog is playing with a small animal .
a family holding hands in the snow are behind a man and his son , whom is wearing a blue jacket .
neut	the man and his son are playing in the snow .
cont	the family is in the snow with their mother .
cont	a man and his son are sitting on a bench .
cont	a family is holding hands and walking down a street .
enta	the family is outside in the snow .
enta	a family and are on the snow .
enta	there is a man and a man .
enta	the family is holding hands and is outside .
neut	a father and his son just finished a time together .
cont	the man and the family are watching a football game .
cont	two family running a race
cont	the old man was eating a man .
enta	family gathering in the snow
enta	an old couple are in the snow .
enta	the family carrying a man in snow .
neut	a family in a straw shirt and his brother is about to fall .
neut	two guys are dressed up for a photograph .
neut	two people are waiting for a bus crew .
neut	two people are talking during a local wedding .
cont	a family is dancing in a room .
cont	the man is washing his dog 's picture .
cont	a 6 woman in a jacket and no recently recently into a pink jacket .
cont	the family is holding onto the stove .
enta	a couple with hands in the snow on their dad .
a man parasailing in rough waters .
neut	the man was a professional man
neut	a man is in the ocean with his friends .
neut	the man is a professional fisherman in the ocean .
cont	the man is driving a car .
cont	a man is swimming in a pool .
enta	a man wearing a boat in the water .
enta	the man is in the water .
enta	there is a man in the water
neut	the person is a professional surfer .
neut	a man is trying to learn something .
neut	a man is getting ready to jump off the water .
cont	the man is kayaking through a forest
cont	the man is indoors .
enta	a man floating in the water .
neut	the man is running to catch a fish .
neut	a man is training with fish to show .
cont	a man is riding a bike to buy food .
cont	a man is casting a bunny by the shore .
cont	a man is taking a motor in the grass .
enta	a man doing something in the water .
enta	a man is juggling on the boat .
three people are standing on the dock of a boat looking at something off-camera .
neut	three friends are looking at a boat in a boat .
cont	the people are sitting on the dock
cont	the people are sitting .
enta	three people standing near a boat .
enta	people standing on a boat
enta	there are people standing near a boat .
enta	three people are standing on a dock looking at something
neut	three friends are doing tricks on the dock .
neut	some people are watching a boat race .
cont	the three men are wrestling in the boat .
cont	three people sit down .
cont	the three friends are drinking tea in a kitchen .
cont	some people are riding horses down the street .
enta	there are two people in the water .
enta	some people are on the dock in the boat .
neut	three people are enjoying their boat out .
neut	the 4 people just bought a boat and are thinking .
cont	a group of people are sitting down and attending a boat .
cont	the four people are being served by a fire .
cont	two people are sitting on the dock watching people fishing .
enta	there are three people standing and using an boat .
enta	five people stand in the water and using a boat .
a man in a beanie doing a bike trick .
neut	a man is riding his bike to work .
neut	a man doing a trick for a bike race
neut	the man is wearing a blue jacket .
cont	a man rides a bike through a field .
enta	a man is doing a bike trick
neut	the man just used his bike to work
neut	the man is getting ready to do a wheelie .
cont	the man is at the doctors office .
cont	a man is painting a bicycle
enta	there is a man riding a bike .
enta	the man rides his bike .
neut	a man is doing his tricks on a bike race .
neut	a man is putting out his bike for a first time .
cont	the man is shooting a donkey up
enta	a man is riding a bike
children playing on a playground .
neut	kids are playing on a playground in the park .
cont	the children are sitting in a chair .
cont	the children are playing video games .
cont	the children are inside .
cont	children are sitting on a couch .
enta	kids are playing outside .
enta	kids are playing outside .
enta	children are playing .
enta	children are playing outside .
neut	some kids are trying to play in the park on a sunny day .
neut	little girls are bouncing on a trampoline .
neut	kids are running in a playground .
cont	everybody is watching people inside .
cont	the children sit on a bench in the park .
cont	the children are on the ground .
enta	some kids are playing at a playground .
enta	kids are playing on a playground
neut	kids stand in the playground and are playing a game of jump .
neut	a small children of adults are playing hide on a playground at park .
cont	a children are watching a football game .
cont	children are playing carrying a children cake .
cont	the children are watching on the farm
enta	the children are playing outside .
a boy wearing blue jeans is skateboarding .
neut	the boy is wearing a helmet .
cont	a boy rides a bike .
cont	the boy has a flat tire .
enta	a boy on a skateboard .
enta	the boy is riding his skateboard
enta	the boy has a skateboard .
neut	a kid is doing tricks on his skateboard .
neut	a young boy with his friends are participating in a skateboard competition .
cont	a boy rides in his board
enta	a boy is wearing a blue jeans
neut	the boy is on the skateboard singing for his wife .
neut	a boy is on a skateboard to enjoy .
cont	the boy is standing in his bedroom with a short break .
enta	a boy is doing skateboarding with a skateboard .
enta	the boy is dressed at the skateboarding .
a person in a striped gray and white shirt moves his bicycle past another man in a yellow shirt and blue pants .
neut	a man performs a stunt for his girlfriend
neut	two men jump for a bike race .
neut	the man is riding his bike to the store .
cont	two women are riding a bike .
enta	a person is wearing a jacket .
enta	two men on a bike .
enta	the man is outside .
enta	a person is riding a bike outside .
neut	a man is watching another man riding a bike with his friends .
neut	the man is a woman
neut	the woman wins the cart and a yellow shirt
cont	two dogs sit on the road
cont	the man on his bike is making a woman .
enta	one person travels a bike up the side of a man and his bike .
enta	one man is holding a bike .
neut	a person is trying to fix the bicycle full of food .
neut	a man and a bicycle walks along the mountain with a bicycle .
cont	a guy is laying in front of the beach .
cont	the man is trying to put push in his truck .
cont	a guy takes a red bike in front of another man .
cont	a man dressed in the red shirt and blue pants is riding a bicycle .
enta	a person holds a bicycle past a man .
two men in a black in red vehicle on the beach .
neut	the men are in a car for a crowd
neut	two men are on the beach for a picture of the ocean
neut	the men are in a car on the beach
cont	two women on the beach are on the beach .
cont	the men are in a car .
cont	two women on the beach are on the beach
enta	two men in red
enta	there are two men on the beach
enta	two men on the beach .
neut	there are men in their cars that fell down .
neut	two men on the ocean are wet .
neut	two men are getting ready to race .
cont	two men are inside in the mall .
cont	there is a single woman in red and black
enta	men are outside in the beach .
enta	two men in a car are pulled .
enta	two guys are outside
neut	the men are using the broken yellow .
neut	the men are waiting for the beach to drink .
neut	two men , one of the red car are waiting for sunset .
neut	two men have possession of metal near the water .
cont	some people are standing in the middle of a blanket .
cont	a match of blue and white truck sits down .
cont	the men are working on the moon
enta	the men dressed in red , on the beach holding up .
a small colorful race car on the track with people in the background in a roped off area .
neut	the car is a race race .
neut	people at a race car are wearing a helmet .
cont	a large small lot of cars are parked in a race .
enta	a race car on a track .
enta	there is a small small race car on the track .
enta	people are competing .
neut	the large road is waiting to be a female .
neut	a young couple is about to go down the track .
cont	a man is watching a race at the track .
cont	the people are sleeping
cont	the people are sleeping in a field
enta	some humans in the picture is riding the track .
neut	two few van are celebrating being rained for the race .
cont	a cyclists crash along the highway .
cont	the people are shopping in a crosswalk .
enta	a car watches stopped in front of a track .
a man with a blue jacket look at items .
neut	a man is looking at the items in the bag .
neut	a sad man with a blue jacket is looking at a store .
neut	man looking at items at a party .
cont	a woman with a blue jacket looking at items
cont	the man has no top .
enta	a man has a jacket .
neut	a man reading his time at the merchandise .
neut	the man is getting his picture taken of a work .
neut	the guy at the newsstand .
neut	a man looks in the air while he 's for a wedding .
cont	the man is using a tire camera
cont	the man is doing a trick in the park .
cont	the women is at home .
enta	a man is watching something
neut	a man is shopping at the store for crime .
neut	a sad man points to sit into paper for a person .
neut	a guy is looking for a statement phone .
cont	a man is looking at a dress in the basement .
cont	the man is sleeping in his bed using clothes .
cont	a man is putting a blue hat .
cont	a woman is looking at a unicorn .
enta	a man on top of a business .
person in yellow shirt is cleaning the way .
neut	the person is cleaning the bathroom for the job .
neut	person in yellow shirt is cleaning the bathroom .
neut	the person is cleaning the bathroom before .
cont	a person makes a steak
cont	a person is sleeping .
cont	the person is wearing a blue shirt
enta	a person is wearing yellow .
neut	someone is cleaning his dog .
neut	a man is wearing a yellow shirt cleaning his new shirt
cont	a guy eats a hot dog
cont	a person is cutting their hair is dry .
cont	the person is mopping the basketball game .
enta	someone is working with bare .
enta	the person is dressed in yellow .
neut	a person is trying to make some clothes in a market .
neut	a person is offering a fire for the first time .
cont	a man is building a sand trail .
cont	the image of an obstacle painted on the wind .
enta	a person is crafting a piece of .
four people dine at a restaurant .
neut	four friends are eating at a restaurant .
cont	the restaurant is empty .
enta	there are four people .
enta	people are eating in the restaurant .
enta	people eating at a restaurant .
enta	the people are eating .
neut	six people are holding hands after a long day of work .
neut	four people are drinking and drinking their barbecue at the restaurant .
cont	the people are hiking .
cont	four children try to find people in a crowded hall .
enta	some people wait in a restaurant
enta	four people are talking outside a restaurant .
neut	two people wearing shoelaces waiting at a restaurant .
neut	two people have a big color of baked at the restaurant .
neut	some people are having opening a company cafe .
cont	the people are walking inside the house .
cont	a group of people smoke a bread of peppers .
enta	there are 3 people at a restaurant .
several men on stage having a discussion .
neut	several men are talking about their day at a festival
neut	a group of men are talking about a meeting about their relationships .
neut	a group of men are talking about a toast .
neut	several men talking about their day at a festival
cont	a group of men are sitting in a chair .
cont	the men are sleeping
cont	several men are playing a game of basketball .
enta	there are men on stage
enta	there is a group of men outside .
neut	the men are making a wedding .
neut	they are taking their parents .
neut	some men sing for their sister
cont	some men are throwing a ball at a gym .
enta	some men are talking in a performance .
neut	there are three men getting ready to athletes .
neut	the men are discussing a book for the festival .
cont	men set a rock in the street .
cont	the women are competing in the bowling clothes .
cont	the men in tattoos are eating oatmeal .
enta	men are giving a speech .
a man wearing a blue sweatshirt and a white hard hat is working on a construction project .
neut	a construction worker is working on a project in a project .
neut	a construction worker is working on a project in a project
cont	the man is wearing a blue hat and reading a book .
cont	the man is working on a car in the city .
enta	the construction is being used .
enta	the man has a hat .
enta	a man is working .
enta	a man wearing a hat is working .
neut	a man is preparing for a big community
cont	a man is baking cookies .
cont	a little girl is wearing a red shirt .
enta	a man is preparing a construction site .
enta	an man in a blue shirt works on a construction site .
neut	the man is setting his other construction
cont	a man is painting in front of a building .
cont	a man is putting on a break .
cont	a boy is getting a fishing cut in the line .
cont	the man is selling a pipe .
enta	a man doing his shirt on a construction vehicle .
enta	the man is working on the construction site .
a man exiting a truck behind a fence
neut	a man is carrying a truck to the store
neut	a truck driver waiting for a friend .
cont	a woman sits on a bench in the park .
cont	a man is sitting on a bench .
cont	a woman pushes a truck behind a fence .
enta	a man is carrying a truck
enta	a man is carrying a truck outside .
enta	a man is carrying a truck outside
enta	a truck is being watched by a man .
neut	a man is pulling a hole on the ground looking at the fence .
neut	a truck full up the fence with his friend .
cont	the man is in a room
cont	the driver played in the field .
cont	nobody is going up .
cont	a man riding a skateboard
enta	a person stands near a truck .
enta	a man on a truck
neut	the man is photographing a scene of a building .
neut	a man is trying to load a truck before .
cont	the man is at the ski beach .
cont	a man is on a truck fishing .
enta	a man is working on a vehicle .
enta	the man is fixing a truck .
a young boy and his dog play at the edge of a public beach .
neut	a boy and his dog are playing with a ball .
cont	a young boy and dog are playing in a park .
cont	a young boy and his dog play in a field .
cont	the boy and dog are sitting on a couch .
enta	a boy and his dog are playing .
enta	a boy and dog are outside .
enta	a boy and dog are outdoors .
enta	two dogs play at the beach .
neut	the boy and his dog are enjoying the weather .
neut	the boy teaches the boys .
cont	the boy is sitting on the grass
cont	the two friends play around the tv in the morning .
cont	two young boys are sleeping in the grass .
enta	a boy playing a game with his dog .
neut	the boy and his dog are competing in an open beach .
neut	the boy is giving his dog to warm .
neut	the boy is playing with a dog frisbee .
cont	a young boy is seen , riding a train .
cont	a boy cries for a ball of wood .
cont	some father are watching a plane play .
enta	a child 's dog in the beach .
enta	a boy and dog are in a beach beach .
enta	a boy is currently with a dog .
girl sitting in fire for a show
neut	the girl is waiting for her mother to arrive
cont	the girl is playing with her dog .
cont	the girl is playing with her dog .
enta	the girl is sitting in the fire .
enta	a girl is at a fire .
enta	a girl is sitting in a fire .
enta	a girl sits in a fire for a show .
neut	the girls is among a friend .
neut	a girl is dressed in a suit
neut	she is in a play
cont	the girl is standing .
cont	a child is swimming in the ocean .
cont	two girls are dancing .
enta	girl in a fire
enta	the girls in the fire .
neut	a girl is playing with a magnifying on their sides .
neut	a girl is checking her mother 's cover .
cont	a girl is shooting a mercedes truck .
enta	a girl took a mess in front of the fire .
enta	the girl is sitting in the sort of fire .
a couple is walking down the sidewalk with their dog .
neut	the dog is walking to the park .
cont	two dogs are eating .
cont	the couple are walking the dog in the park .
cont	the dog is inside the house .
enta	a couple is walking .
enta	the dog has a dog .
enta	a couple is walking .
neut	couple are walking to their bed .
neut	the couple is ordering to each other .
cont	a couple in an american dress in the park .
cont	some couple are swimming in the ocean .
cont	the couple is chopping down the sidewalk .
enta	a couple is looking at their dog
neut	three friends are walking because a dog is going on .
cont	a man poses and ride at the beach .
enta	a couple of people walking along the sidewalk
enta	a people with a dog are walking nearby .
enta	a carriage of people is walking .
two dogs sit in front of a man dressed in native american attire .
neut	two dogs are waiting for their owner .
neut	a tall human sitting
neut	the dogs are in a play .
cont	the man and the dog are sitting in the middle of the background .
enta	dogs are sitting in front of a man .
enta	a man dressed as a man dressed in a dress
enta	there are two dogs sitting in front of a man .
enta	there are two dogs sitting in front of a man .
neut	it 's sunny day and the man is going to the casino .
neut	two dogs are friendly
neut	one of the dogs , the man is n't n't owned anything .
neut	two dogs stand in front of their owner to get dressed .
cont	3 dogs are laying on the couch
cont	the cats sit on the couch .
cont	two dogs sit in the living room .
cont	two dogs are chasing a squirrel .
enta	there are two dogs in front of an important man
neut	two dogs are frantically for a ball to other dogs .
neut	a the dog is taking a hand with his owner
neut	two dogs are helping a man .
cont	two dogs are working in a mini .
cont	a white dog is chasing alone .
cont	they are riding a piano of the house .
enta	three dogs are outside together in a group .
enta	the various are gather near the dogs .
a boy cooking on a grill .
neut	a boy is cooking dinner .
cont	a boy is sleeping on the grill .
cont	a boy eating a sandwich
cont	a boy eating a sandwich at a restaurant .
enta	a boy cooks on a grill .
enta	there is a boy cooking outside .
enta	the boy cooks on a grill .
enta	a person is cooking on a grill .
neut	a child is making thanksgiving with his family .
neut	the boy is working on a project .
cont	a child is eating a sandwich .
cont	a girl is eating lunch with friends .
cont	a boy is sitting at a table eating dinner .
cont	a girl is having lunch dinner
enta	a child is cooking
enta	a boy is cooking on the grill with a grill .
enta	a boy draws .
neut	the boy is joey to the food .
neut	a young boy is grilling clothes and his friends
cont	a boy is dragging a bowl of liquid .
cont	a girl is cooking dinner at a restaurant .
cont	a young boy is not throwing a salad .
enta	a boy is cooking with a meal .
bald man in white and black shorts , punching man with black hair , and red , orange and blue shorts .
neut	the man is trying to get to the store .
neut	the man is a farmer
cont	two women are playing golf .
cont	a cat eats a bone .
cont	a man is wearing a black dress .
enta	the man is wearing a white and blue striped shorts .
neut	two sad men are sitting in a fight .
cont	the man with black shorts is riding a motorcycle .
enta	someone is dressed like a man .
enta	someone was holding her feet
neut	the man is trying to set his beard .
neut	a man is taking a picture being observed .
cont	a man is wearing a business suit .
cont	a man is driving a skateboard on the way home .
enta	a guy keeps into a person here .
a man in a straw hat and another man in a striped shirt who are both drinking from cups and making funny faces .
neut	the two men are having a conversation about the weather .
neut	the two men are having a conversation
neut	the two men are drinking beer .
neut	the men are having a conversation about the news
cont	a mother and another man are eating dinner at a restaurant
cont	a man and a woman are eating .
cont	a man and a woman are playing chess .
enta	the man is drinking .
neut	a man shops for pasta .
neut	the two men were talking about the weather and are drinking .
neut	bill and bill just finished a drink .
neut	some men are playing in a game of way
cont	three people in a date room watching a movie .
cont	the men are fighting each other .
cont	the man and woman are both wearing suits .
enta	the men are drinking
enta	the man is warm
neut	the man is trying to figure off a problem .
neut	a couple of three people are sitting around for a big dinner .
neut	a man and a man are about to protest
cont	two guys and a man are all standing and they are .
cont	the man is eating his mac balloon .
enta	three people are standing outside .
a person in a blue plaid shirt is writing on a chalkboard .
neut	the person is reading a book to a group of people .
neut	the person is reading a book on the chalkboard .
neut	a person is reading a book on a chalkboard .
neut	a young boy teaches on a chalkboard
cont	a person is sleeping on a chalkboard .
enta	a person in a plaid shirt is writing on a chalkboard .
enta	the person is in a shirt .
enta	a person is reading on a chalkboard .
enta	the person is reading on a chalkboard .
neut	a sad man in a blue plaid shirt is reading a book .
neut	a person is preparing for the day .
neut	the person is opening a birthday .
cont	a man operates a banana .
cont	the person in a blue sweater is playing a game of tennis .
cont	the person on the bike is very happy .
enta	the person sits back on a chalkboard .
neut	a person is reading a book report .
cont	a man is putting a stereo taken .
cont	woman is building a bridge with no umbrella .
cont	the person is not standing while wearing a t-shirt .
enta	a person is thinking at his body .
three people and a white dog are sitting in the sand on a beach .
neut	a group of friends are playing with a dog in the sand
cont	three people are playing with a dog
cont	three people are sitting on a bench .
cont	the people are standing on a sand castle .
enta	three people and a dog are on the beach .
enta	a group of people sit on the beach .
enta	three people and a dog sitting on the beach .
enta	a dog is sitting outside .
neut	2 people are watching the frisbee
neut	three happy dog are on a beach with their dog .
neut	some of the people are friends .
cont	these people are sitting in the grass
cont	they are sleeping in the park
enta	the people were sitting outside .
neut	three people are enjoying a wedding of the ocean .
cont	a man sits at home playing football .
enta	three people are sitting on the beach .
a man with an orange jacket , takes the photo of four women , and a man in a greenish yellow suite .
neut	the man is taking a photo of his friends at a wedding .
neut	a man takes a photo of a group of people at a wedding .
cont	three women are playing with a camera .
cont	the women are eating at a restaurant .
enta	a man with an orange jacket and a man are taking a photo .
enta	a man is holding a camera .
enta	people are taking a photo of a man .
neut	the man is a woman and a woman in a military native man .
cont	a woman is taking a picture of two women
cont	the man is punching the photo .
cont	the people are talking in the oven .
enta	a man is in a classroom .
neut	the woman is trying to visit a girl .
neut	a young man is taking a picture of his girlfriend .
cont	a group of people fight in a photo with group of men .
enta	three women are next to some men .
enta	a man and somebody are getting a photo taken .
a young boy is dumping a bag of lego 's onto a glass table .
neut	a boy is playing with his toys
neut	the boy is cleaning his hair .
cont	the boy is throwing a ball .
cont	a young boy throws a bag .
cont	the boy is sleeping .
cont	a boy plays with a ball .
enta	the boy is cleaning a table .
enta	a young boy has a bag .
enta	the boy is cleaning the table .
neut	the boy is trying to cook a bag .
neut	a boy has finished his bag in a pipe .
cont	a little girl is drawing a book .
cont	there is a dog playing with a bone .
enta	a boy is cleaning the ceiling with a toy .
enta	a little boy is holding a bag
neut	the boy is holding a tray of sledgehammer .
neut	a boy is trying to flirt with a chainsaw .
cont	a policeman walking in the grass next to a fire .
cont	a young boy sits is giving her mother some rope .
enta	a boy is standing with a bag .
enta	a young boy is being tossed by blocks .
enta	the boy was his hands with a window
enta	a boy is using blocks with a bucket .
two women in colorful swimming suits are leaping above a pool while two other women in the pool watch .
neut	two women are playing with a competition in a pool .
neut	two women watch a movie at the pool .
neut	two women watch a pool team at the pool
neut	two women watch a famous swim meet
cont	a group of people are sitting in a chair
cont	two women are swimming in the ocean .
cont	the women are at the beach
enta	the women are in a pool
enta	the women are in the water .
enta	the two women are at the pool .
neut	two women are trying to find out for the first time .
cont	the women all wearing wet suits and the other .
cont	two men are trying to get off .
enta	there are two women and two women at the pool .
enta	there are women swimming together
enta	a human jumping
neut	several women are in a big pool
neut	three women pass for a large pool , one is being filmed .
neut	two women are going into a public pool eating .
cont	two women are trying to catch a bridge .
cont	two guys walk in the sand of their parents .
cont	three women watch a small practice .
cont	two women are sitting at the beach during clothes .
enta	two people are rowing a , side of the pool .
enta	two women are going to a swimming .
enta	two women are surfing in the pool .
two people sitting on a bench by the water with a dog .
neut	two people sit on a bench with a dog in a park .
cont	the people are watching a cat play in the water .
enta	the people are on a bench .
enta	the people are on a bench
enta	some people are sitting
neut	two people are holding hands .
neut	an animal is going to the pool
cont	two guys are inside .
cont	a couple of people are asleep in a small dog
cont	a kid is sleeping on a bench
enta	two people sit in front of the water
neut	two people sit on a bench to clean the beach .
neut	two person wait out to the water and a dog is smiling .
cont	the four people are sitting along the beach .
cont	the people are running stationary stone .
enta	people are sitting near a raft .
a man rock climbs with a city and body of water in the background .
neut	a man is rock climbing with his family .
cont	a man is climbing a mountain
cont	a woman is on a boat .
enta	a man is rock climbing
enta	a man is outside .
enta	a man is climbing a rock .
neut	a man is surfing and is working on his way to work .
neut	the man is going treasure .
cont	a man is relaxing at home and his friends
cont	a man is chasing a dog down the street .
cont	the man jumps in the river
enta	the man climbs a rock over water .
enta	a man is rock climbing outside .
enta	a man is rock climbing
neut	a man is getting ready to dock in the sand .
cont	a man is sweeping the frozen of sand .
cont	the man is shoveling snow .
cont	a man works of the yard while eating rocks .
cont	a man is carrying a rabbit and deep in the desert .
enta	a man is wearing a and colored climbing
enta	a person is helping metal on the city .
a blue and gray race car driving on a dirt track .
neut	the car is a race .
neut	the car is a race .
neut	a race car racer racer on a dirt track .
cont	a car is parked in the street .
cont	a race car is parked in the desert .
enta	a car is being used .
enta	there is a car being led by a car .
neut	a race car is going for a race on the dirt track .
neut	a blue and green car jump over the track for the race .
cont	the blue car is waiting on the race car on the dirt track .
cont	there are no cars ride the race .
enta	there is a car on a dirt track .
enta	a blue and black car is riding a race car .
neut	a trucks car in the mobile seat of a race car .
neut	a race was being kicked over by a race truck .
cont	a driver on the bike and can not stay inside a bank .
cont	a ski car driving down a dirt track .
cont	the car is dancing volleyball .
enta	a horse passes in light a race car .
enta	a dirt car is happening .
a young girl in a pink coat erasing words on a chalkboard sign .
neut	a young girl gives her mother a new sign .
neut	a young girl is pointing a man 's sign .
neut	the girl is playing with her friends .
cont	a girl in a pink coat is reading a book on a chalkboard .
cont	a girl is eating a sandwich .
cont	a young girl is playing with a sign .
enta	a girl is outside .
enta	a young girl in a pink coat is reading
enta	a young girl is outside .
enta	a girl is wearing a pink coat .
neut	the girl enjoys a tough game .
cont	a young girl is laying down during her home .
cont	the young girl is standing on a tree .
cont	a boy reading a book .
enta	a girl is on the hands .
enta	a young girl is speaking to a chalkboard .
neut	the flower haired girl is a professional haired
neut	a young girl is pointing ready to eat while screaming
neut	a girl is making a picture of himself .
cont	the young girl is stealing herself out of the sofa .
cont	a girl is helping a girl in a front gray .
enta	a girl in a colored coat helps to check .
enta	a young girl is thinking alone .
2 woman walking down the street next to graffiti
neut	the women are trying to sell a new picture .
neut	the two art street are very good .
neut	two women are walking to the store
cont	a woman sits on a bench .
enta	women are outdoors .
enta	the women are walking together .
enta	the women are walking outside
enta	the women are outdoors .
neut	the women are talking to graffiti .
neut	there are two women riding to the store .
cont	a man is carrying the street corner .
cont	the woman are walking into the ocean .
enta	the women are heading
enta	two women are in the road .
enta	the woman is walking down the street .
enta	the woman is looking at street .
neut	two women are walking to a bank public .
neut	the women are trying to wash their wall .
neut	the students enjoy an ipad while working on the street .
cont	two people are sitting down on the street table .
cont	the woman works in the front room of an office .
cont	the exotic mountains are in the middle of a brick .
cont	the woman could n't take anything on the street corner .
enta	both women are walking down the street .
enta	there are three women walking down a street .
three ladies wearing dresses are bent down in a muddy creek gathering green plants .
neut	a woman is trying to get to work .
cont	three ladies are swimming in the ocean .
cont	the ladies are playing in the sand .
cont	the women are wearing dresses and sitting down .
cont	the ladies are playing basketball .
enta	three ladies are walking down a creek .
enta	the women are outdoors .
enta	a group of ladies are outside in the water .
neut	all the ladies are friends .
neut	the ladies and three sisters are looking at the green vegetables in a water lake
cont	three guys getting ready to go get nothing .
cont	there are no girls in the picture .
cont	three ladies are standing and holding buckets .
enta	there are women outdoors .
neut	the three women in the green field wait for the river .
neut	there is a three american ladies taking care .
cont	six people stand at the beach .
cont	a man wearing bikinis hugs down the mountain .
cont	two women are working in a rundown truck .
enta	though on the snow near the mountain is above .
a well dressed man standing in front of an abstract fence painting .
neut	a sad man standing in front of a fence of a building painting .
cont	a woman stands in front of a fence .
cont	the man is wearing a blue shirt
enta	the man is painting .
enta	a man is painting .
enta	the man is painting .
neut	the man is an artist
neut	a man with his face paint in front of a building
cont	a young man is painting the room with his family .
cont	a man is camping on a subway .
enta	a man paint the fence
enta	a person is repainting art outside .
neut	the man in a cast has straight them hurt in front of the fence .
neut	a man is holds a long sculpture statue .
cont	a man is running living his finger .
enta	a man is standing beside a wall painting .
enta	a come of dressed man standing outside
a crowd of people in a lightly snow covered opening with trees to the left and buildings in the background .
neut	a crowd of people are at a snow covered festival in the snow
neut	they are playing in the snow .
cont	the people are playing basketball .
cont	the people are in a hot tub
cont	a crowd is watching a movie in the background .
enta	a group of people are outside .
enta	the people are outside in the cold .
neut	many of the people are going to win a hot day on the ground .
cont	a bunch of birds stand on a lawn
cont	there are no trees in the picture
enta	many people have snow
neut	a group of people are shopping for exercise class .
cont	some people are in the desert , there are people .
cont	the people are eating in a wide light .
cont	a bunch of people are eating grass in front of the snowy .
enta	people are putting side on stones .
a child and small dog running .
neut	a child is running after a dog in the park .
neut	a child and dog are running to catch a ball in the park .
neut	the child is running away from the dog .
cont	the cat is chasing a cat .
cont	a child is sleeping on the floor .
cont	the child is sleeping in the grass .
enta	the child is running .
enta	a child and a dog are running .
enta	the child is running
neut	there are two people playing with the dog
neut	the small child is hungry and running .
cont	the dog and boy are laying .
cont	a boy and a dog are sitting in a car .
cont	the people are swimming in a lake .
enta	the small child is outside playing .
enta	a small child is running with the dog
enta	two children are running .
neut	the child is having fun
neut	a child chases to go from a dog during the winter .
neut	the child and a dog are having a party .
cont	a little child and dog swims in a tree .
enta	there are people running by 4
enta	the child and his dog are outside .
several men are sitting around a parking lot .
neut	the men are waiting for the bus .
neut	men are sitting around a parking lot at a local new parking lot .
neut	men are talking
cont	the men are sitting in the living room watching television .
cont	the men are playing a game of basketball in the parking lot .
cont	a man sits on a bench , looking at the sky .
enta	the men are looking at a parking lot .
enta	several men sit around a parking lot .
enta	some men are sitting
enta	a group of men are sitting around a parking lot .
neut	men in orange are talking to a person .
neut	several men are enjoying a day of work .
neut	the men were drinking beer in the parking lot
cont	the guy is inside a building
cont	a single person rides his bike in the middle of the street .
cont	several friends sitting on a park bench at their home .
enta	several men are near a parking lot .
enta	men waiting on the bus .
enta	a few men are sitting in a parking lot in a parking lot .
neut	there are men sitting in the sidewalk with their son .
neut	the guys were waiting for a limo to arrive .
neut	professional new telephone is clear to build a parking trip .
cont	adults are watching a football game with other humans .
cont	there are men dancing in a bar .
cont	two people are standing in their desks .
enta	a group of bob men are sitting near a traffic light .
enta	one of the men are sitting down .
enta	there is a , men sitting on the parking lot .
a man is sitting outside wearing blue pants .
neut	a man is waiting for someone .
cont	a woman sits outside wearing blue pants
enta	a man is wearing pants .
enta	a man is sitting outside .
enta	a man is wearing pants
enta	a man sits outside .
neut	a man is waiting for her ride to go home .
neut	the man in the blue shirt is eating his food .
neut	the man is sitting outside to eat
neut	he likes the picture
cont	a man is riding a skateboard .
cont	a woman and a man are drinking beer .
cont	a lady wearing blue pants is getting ready to go down the street .
enta	there is a man in blue pants and a blue pants .
neut	the man is going across a forest to drink .
cont	the man is putting up a chair .
cont	the man is sitting inside the table .
enta	a person in black pants and is sitting .
three people in coats stand in front of a blue building .
neut	three friends stand in front of a blue building
cont	the people are sitting in a chair at the park .
cont	three people are in a field
enta	three people stand in front of a building .
enta	three people are standing in front of a building .
enta	there are people in coats stand in front of a building .
neut	the colorful building are a . man .
neut	they are wearing shopping clothes sitting in front of a building .
cont	the men and women in green and colored colored
cont	the group is at a football game .
enta	the people stand in front of a building .
enta	there are people in front of a building .
enta	three people stand down a building .
neut	four people are competing in a big building .
cont	the people are walking and empty under the snowy building .
cont	a group of two people are sitting at home
enta	the group is all standing in front of a building .
there is a woman throwing daggers at a target , which is a carrot .
neut	the woman is practicing for a competition .
neut	she is throwing a drum to her son
neut	a woman throws rocks to her mother in a park .
cont	a woman is sleeping on the floor .
cont	a woman is sitting on a bench .
cont	a woman is sitting in a chair at the park .
cont	a woman is sitting on a couch .
enta	the woman is holding sticks .
enta	the woman has sticks to another .
neut	the lady is a crowd .
neut	a women in the usa touches oranges for a concert .
neut	the woman has brown hair and is playing with a ball .
cont	a woman laying in a field .
cont	a woman is holding a cat .
cont	the woman sits and throws a ball .
enta	a woman is holding two dollars .
neut	a woman and woman are happily in front of a large squirrel .
neut	the woman is setting for a palace
neut	a woman is practicing for help on fire .
cont	a woman is playing frisbee with her friends .
cont	a man in a horse was playing with a squirrel .
cont	a woman sits in a tree with her raised raised .
enta	people at the same event are using utensils .
a girl wearing a maroon shirt leaps into the air while in the woods .
neut	the girl is doing a trick
cont	a girl is playing in the sand
enta	the girl is jumping .
enta	a girl is wearing a shirt .
enta	a girl is outside .
neut	girl in the woods is having fun
cont	the girl is playing with a toy at the park .
cont	the girl is wearing a tutu and a girl .
cont	the boy is jumping into the water .
enta	a girl in blue shirt can play in the woods .
enta	the girl is in the woods .
enta	a girl is posing .
neut	a girl puts up in the distance on a sunny day .
cont	a girl is flying a kite in the sand .
enta	a girl is jumping into the distance .
enta	a girl in a plaid shirt is near the plane .
three women are sitting on a wharf and kicking their feet in the water .
neut	three women play in the water at a beach
neut	women are on a water lake .
neut	the women are sitting on the water in the water for the first time .
cont	a woman is playing with a dog .
cont	three women are sitting on the park bench .
cont	a woman sits on the park bench .
enta	women sit on a pier
enta	three women sit on a pier with their feet in the water .
enta	three women sit on a water .
neut	three people are practicing in the water with their feet in the water .
cont	three women are laying on the beach playing with their ball .
enta	three people play in the water .
enta	women are near the water .
neut	four individuals are sitting on a bouncy board in the water holding shorts .
neut	four women are contemplating baseball about to drink .
cont	the women are all standing in front of the river .
cont	three women are jogging on the narrow of a scooter .
cont	the woman is jogging down the water to get on a dock .
cont	three women climbing of the forest .
enta	three women watch something in the water .
a woman singer holding a microphone singing at a concert .
neut	a woman sings for a party to her favorite band .
cont	a woman is sleeping on a bench .
cont	a woman is singing in a band
enta	a woman is singing at a concert
enta	a woman is singing at a concert .
enta	the woman is singing at a concert .
neut	a girl is enjoying the spotlight
cont	the woman is watching football
cont	a woman with her hands sleeps talking to a people
enta	the woman is attending a concert .
enta	the woman sings .
neut	a woman is trying to make a microphone at the concert .
neut	a woman is singing with a microphone that the band .
cont	the first of the people has on a creepy building .
cont	a 50 singer performs to catch a baseball .
enta	a woman was singing as a kid performs .
a man with a white shirt and blue jeans are skating on a skating device .
neut	a man is skating in the pool with his friends .
neut	the man is a professional skating skating .
neut	a man is in a skating competition .
cont	a woman with a white shirt and blue jeans .
cont	the man is riding a bike
enta	a man is skating
enta	a man performing
enta	a man is skating on a device .
enta	a man is skating on a skating device
neut	a man is having a competition and did a trick .
neut	a boy jumps off a skating competition .
neut	a man is a nudist on a skating team .
cont	man fell his wife 's head
cont	a man is next to a baseball skating at a park .
cont	a man is holding an ax in his kitchen .
cont	a man doing his jobs at the beach .
enta	a man with a white shirt and blue jeans is enjoying a sport .
enta	a man and a blue shirt is in the air .
neut	a man takes to take a sports trick
neut	a man is winning a match .
cont	a man dressed at the bike is practicing
cont	the man is swimming down the top of a softball .
cont	the man is getting fitted of swimming .
enta	the man is skating on the skate board .
two women wearing boots and holding bags are talking to each other .
neut	two women are wearing sunglasses .
neut	the women are talking about the news
neut	two friends talk about their day
neut	women are talking about their friend .
cont	nobody is talking .
cont	a man and a woman are talking to each other .
enta	there are two women wearing boots and holding bags .
enta	women are talking to each other .
enta	women are talking
enta	two women are talking
neut	two sisters are talking about the weather .
neut	the women are giving a speech .
neut	two ladies talking with their family on their break .
neut	a couple of ladies in boots are talking about their day on the street .
cont	two ladies are wearing suits .
cont	the men have no suits .
enta	the women are talking .
enta	there are two women hands .
enta	two women are talking
neut	the woman has 2 2 of six sticks .
neut	the two women out on their date are from each other .
neut	the women are discussing for other kids .
cont	two women are jogging their mothers .
cont	two women are handing to a elderly man .
enta	two women are standing outdoors with their hands .
a man poses for a photo in front of a chinese building by jumping .
neut	a homeless man posing for a photo in front of a chinese building
cont	a man is sitting on a couch .
cont	a man is swimming in the ocean .
enta	a man is posing for a photo .
enta	a person poses for a photo
enta	a man is standing in front of a building .
enta	a man is outside .
neut	a man is daydreaming .
neut	the man is a construction worker .
cont	the man taking a picture of a dog .
cont	no one is eating orange in the restaurant .
cont	a man is taking a break at the beach in the park .
cont	two girls are taking a picture .
enta	a man is taking a picture outdoors .
enta	a man is performing martial by skilled climbing .
neut	the man is almost playing a song .
neut	a man is trying to cool off a fence .
cont	the man is standing still for a picture .
cont	two people are selling food in front of a building .
enta	a man is spinning a container and in front of a building .
enta	a man is showing a picture of a building .
young barefoot girl begins to lose balance .
neut	a young girl gets her first time
neut	the girl was playing with her friends
neut	girl walks to meet her friend
cont	a girl is eating .
cont	the girl is sitting on a couch .
cont	the girl is sleeping .
enta	a girl is getting ready to go .
enta	a girl is outside .
enta	a girl is outside .
neut	a girl swims and walks and watches her sister play in the park .
cont	the girl sits inside
cont	the girl is laying down .
cont	a girl is taking a nap on the bench .
enta	a child is using her hands to get out .
neut	the girl is replacing to her granddaughter .
cont	the girl is feeding through the woods .
cont	a boy is build a tree alone .
enta	they are getting ready to go .
enta	a little girl is taking a break .
rear view of woman walking along side of building .
neut	the woman is walking to the store to go home .
neut	the woman is walking in the rain .
cont	nobody is walking
enta	people walking on a building
neut	the structure is new .
cont	a man is cooking dinner at a restaurant .
cont	the woman goes into the building .
cont	a women is ready for bed
enta	there is a building in this picture .
enta	the woman walking up the building .
enta	the woman is looking at a building .
neut	a woman is going to go away while a plane .
cont	the man is carrying a boat and shining .
cont	she plays after a big jump on the floor .
enta	a woman is walking outside , raised the building .
two construction workers in a truck having a conversation .
neut	the workers are talking about work .
neut	the workers are all wearing hats .
neut	two construction workers are talking about a large deal .
cont	two construction workers are sitting on the ground .
cont	two people are eating in a restaurant .
enta	two men talking
enta	the men are talking together .
enta	the workers are in a truck .
enta	the workers are having a conversation .
neut	the construction crew talking about the job .
neut	workers are fixing the roof .
cont	workers are studying at the library .
enta	workers are standing in a truck .
enta	the construction workers work in a truck .
enta	the workers are working .
neut	two workers are discussing a job 's tire .
cont	two workers are sitting at a car .
cont	there are no workers building in front of the truck .
cont	the workers are racing this day
enta	three construction workers are talking in front of a truck .
two women with badges are watching something .
neut	women are watching a movie
neut	two women with costumes are watching a movie .
neut	the women are wearing red shirts .
neut	women are watching a movie on a sunny day .
cont	the women are sleeping .
enta	the women are wearing clothing .
enta	two women are wearing uniforms .
neut	women are watching television
neut	two women look in the distance
cont	the women are mute .
cont	the women have nothing on their head .
enta	the women are hanging .
neut	the women are laughing for the photo .
neut	two women are looking at the person 's exercise .
neut	the women are calling for students .
cont	a woman is playing chess by a person .
cont	two women are laying in a class .
enta	two women are dressed up as spectators .
enta	two women on the balance lines .
young man walking dog
neut	the man is walking his dog
neut	a man is walking his dog to the park .
cont	a cat walks with a cat in the park .
enta	the man is in the dog 's walking .
enta	the man is walking a dog .
neut	the young man is walking through the park .
neut	a young man is the class .
neut	a man strolls a dog to the store .
cont	the young man is playing jenga
cont	a woman is walking her dog in a field .
enta	a male is walking with a dog .
neut	the man is mad and his dog will be .
neut	a man is about to be a dog .
cont	some animals are running down the street .
enta	a young man walking past dog
a military group in uniform standing together while one of them gets their hat adjusted .
neut	the military group is waiting for their mother .
neut	the military soldiers are having a good time
neut	two people are waiting for their mother to arrive .
cont	people are watching a movie .
cont	the soldiers are sitting in a chair .
cont	a group of people are sitting on a couch .
enta	a group of people are standing .
enta	people are standing together .
enta	a military group is standing in a military officer 's hat
enta	a military group standing together
neut	a military navy is waiting for their friends to get to the other .
neut	the police officer is prepared to hold the red hat .
neut	the soldiers are planning a construction site .
cont	five men are inside watching tv .
cont	a man is driving by a tractor
enta	several members of the men are holding their hand .
enta	a military people are standing .
enta	a military man in uniform
neut	the rodeo was yellow is yellow to each other .
cont	a dog prepares to get into a business gym .
cont	two guys sit to a band .
cont	a group of men are studying in the hot tub .
enta	the gathering has three people who watch places .
a cowboy struggling to maintain control on a horse at a rodeo .
neut	the cowboy is in a rodeo tournament
cont	the cowboy is sleeping in his bed .
enta	a person is outside .
enta	a cowboy is riding a horse in a rodeo
enta	the cowboy is riding a horse
enta	a cowboy riding a horse
neut	the event is over a bull
neut	a cowboy is going to race in a rodeo .
neut	the cowboy is a good .
cont	there is a man standing next to his horse .
cont	a cowboy performing on a stage
cont	the cowboy is sitting at home
enta	there is a cowboy and a cowboy .
enta	the man is in a horse at a rodeo .
neut	a cowboy is training for a bird of yellow .
neut	a lady rides a horse in front of the competition .
cont	a dog is petting the world .
cont	a cow is taking a sick leg on his horse .
cont	a cow shown swimming in front of a crowd .
enta	a skateboarder rides a horse in with his horse .
enta	the cowboy is leaving from an rodeo .
a person is standing on top of a snow covered mountain .
neut	a mountain is being taken for a family
neut	the person is a woman
cont	the person is sitting on the ground in the snow .
cont	a person is sitting on a couch .
cont	a person is sitting on the ground in the snow
cont	the person is on a boat .
enta	a person is on top of a snow covered mountain
enta	a person is standing on a snow covered mountain .
enta	the person is on a snow covered mountain .
neut	the person is a man
neut	a person is playing in the snow
cont	a man is sleeping on his bed .
cont	nobody is next to the mountain .
enta	a human under
enta	the person is outside
neut	a woman is standing on a snow down mountain .
cont	a rich man is not standing on the beach .
enta	a person is standing on the top of a snowy mountain .
enta	a person is standing on the snow .
enta	the person is outdoors while a person is standing on the snow .
enta	a person is standing on a snow jacket .
a woman applies makeup to a woman in black .
neut	a woman is getting ready to go to a party .
cont	they are playing baseball .
enta	the woman is getting makeup
enta	the woman is wearing black .
enta	a woman is wearing black
enta	a woman is getting makeup to a woman .
neut	an elderly female looks a woman to a man 's hair .
neut	a woman paints the makeup on her birthday .
neut	a women watches a woman performing a circus .
cont	the makeup is made of wine .
cont	there is a man alone in the black .
enta	a woman is hugging another woman .
enta	a woman is trying to make something .
enta	there is a woman watching another woman .
neut	a woman is getting ready to smile at the man .
neut	the woman comes for a stranger .
neut	the woman is very close by a singer .
cont	a woman helps a man sleeping .
cont	a woman with shoes is laying on her friends .
cont	a woman in a yellow outfit stretches from a man .
enta	a woman is being interviewed by a person .
enta	the woman is helping woman with each other .
enta	there is a woman and a woman standing by by the person .
a man trying to block another man from shooting the ball in .
neut	a man trying to get to the top of a soccer ball .
neut	a tall person
neut	they are playing catch .
neut	two men play ball in a play monopoly .
cont	the man is playing with a dog
cont	a man is playing basketball .
cont	a man is playing with a dog .
enta	the man is trying to make a ball .
enta	the man is trying to make a ball .
enta	the man is trying to get a ball .
enta	a man is playing with a ball .
neut	a man is about to take his first date .
cont	an old man is snowboarding .
cont	a woman taking a nap in the living room .
cont	the tennis court is very a man and a man .
enta	a man is outside
enta	a man and an man are outdoors .
neut	the man is trying to get a football game .
neut	it is a man began the opposing team .
neut	a man has very men on the field .
cont	a guy is watching a man warm stands .
cont	a canoe digs in a room with more exposed .
enta	a man with an airborne device is playing a sport .
a man standing behind a small ice cream cart on a street corner .
neut	a man is trying to get to the ice cream truck .
neut	a man standing behind a cart is being pulled by a friend .
neut	a very very tired man standing behind a cart .
cont	the man is standing behind a large strawberry cart .
cont	the man is driving a car in the city
cont	a man is driving a truck on a city street .
enta	a man standing outside .
enta	the man is standing outside .
enta	a man is outside .
enta	the man is holding a cart .
neut	the man is buying ice on the streets .
cont	a woman is holding a little ice cream .
cont	a man is at home sleeping .
cont	the woman is running indoors .
enta	a man is standing with ice cream .
enta	a man is holding a ice cream cart .
neut	the man is holding a large ice cream wheel .
neut	the man is trying to do bugs
neut	a man is having a fun cut from two other humans .
cont	a man with a green head is watching the inside .
cont	the man is sleeping on the street corner .
enta	the man is out on the street corner .
two women and a man are in a sporty red convertible in front of a large group of people on the sidewalk .
neut	people are waiting for the bus to start .
cont	a group of people are sitting in a chair .
cont	the people are at the beach
enta	people are outside of a large group of people .
enta	there are people in a crowd of people .
enta	some people are outside .
enta	the women and man are in front of a large group of people .
neut	the man and woman are looking at the group of people .
neut	three people have a married 's closed .
cont	both men and woman are running .
cont	all of the men are not wearing new clothing .
cont	three people on a boat .
enta	the men and woman are wearing clothes
neut	a couple of people are unable to buy a new counter .
neut	a group of people celebrate up while the others finishes up the sidewalk .
cont	the guitarist and people are in the desert .
cont	the people are fighting in the bunch of each other .
cont	the men are trying to dress in front of the other .
cont	the two women are washing a lovely man .
enta	the women are next to an city with others .
enta	a chubby man is near a larger colors of people on sidewalk .
with the sun rising , a person is gliding with a huge parachute attached to them .
neut	the person is trying to win the competition .
neut	a person is practicing for a competition .
neut	a person is practicing for a competition
cont	a man is climbing a mountain with a large balloon on his surfboard .
cont	a person is swimming in the ocean .
enta	there is a person in the sun
enta	someone is working on a parachute .
neut	the parachute is cold .
cont	the person is in a living room .
cont	the man is sleeping on the couch .
cont	the person is riding an elephant through the forest .
enta	there are a bunch of males .
neut	a person is about to tackle with any teeth .
cont	a person is holding a large sweater in bed .
cont	the person with a blue parachute is laying still .
enta	a person is being pulled up .
a male with brown clothing standing on the side of the street with his thumb out with a big bag on his back .
neut	a man is trying to get to the store
neut	the man is wearing a brown top to be picked by his friend .
cont	the man is in his car
cont	a woman is holding a bag on her back .
enta	a man is standing on a street with a bag .
enta	a man is standing outside .
enta	a man is standing on the street .
neut	a young man is standing on the street to go to a nap .
cont	the man is resting on the bench .
cont	a female is climbing the street
cont	a woman sleeps .
enta	the person with brown hair is holding something .
enta	a man is holding a bag of his hands up .
enta	a man is pointing a bag on his back .
neut	a male making pretzels in the street behind his back .
cont	the man is home from his hair into a shoe .
cont	the man is at the beach with a yellow bag .
cont	the man is asleep on the floor with a plate .
enta	a guy with his suitcase on a street .
enta	a man is being pulled on a street .
a snowboarder jumps high into the air off of a snowy ramp .
neut	the snowboarder is wearing a helmet .
neut	the snowboarder is wearing a helmet .
neut	he is a professional snowboarder .
neut	a snowboarder is performing tricks for the crowd of people .
cont	a man is riding a bike .
cont	a man is riding a bike .
cont	the snowboarder is sitting on the ground
cont	a man is riding a bike .
enta	a snowboarder is jumping into the air .
enta	a person is doing a trick on the ramp .
enta	a snowboarder jumps over a ramp .
enta	a snowboarder jumps in the air .
neut	the snowboarder is very old .
cont	a skateboarder is taking a turn on a snow ramp
cont	the snowboarder is sitting in the snow .
enta	a snowboarder is taking a jumping
enta	a person is descending with his jump .
enta	a snowboarder is jumping into the air
neut	a snowboarder is putting because jump on the block .
neut	the snowboarder is in a lucky jump .
neut	a snowboarder is wearing workout gear while in the snowy lake .
cont	the woman is jumping a jet jet .
enta	a snowboarder is performing a jump .
enta	a on on the landing is being athletic .
a woman holding a camera .
neut	the woman is taking pictures of her mother .
neut	the woman is taking a picture of a woman .
cont	a man is holding a camera .
enta	a woman holding a camera and a camera .
enta	the woman has a camera .
enta	a woman is holding a camera .
neut	a woman is taking pictures of the architecture at the party
neut	the woman is a woman on a date
cont	a man is at the doctors home .
cont	a woman is taking pictures of giraffes .
cont	a man is painting with his wife .
enta	a woman in the camera is holding a camera .
enta	a woman holding a camera .
enta	a female is on the camera .
enta	a woman holding a camera
neut	the woman is taking a picture of her daughter .
neut	a woman is taking a picture of some future .
cont	the woman is holding a broom in the city .
cont	a girl is worn a scarf and climbing a ramp .
cont	a woman is taking food run in the sand .
enta	a woman with an object is taking a picture .
a man with wine near a christmas tree .
neut	the man with a coffee can be for a party on the christmas .
cont	a man is sitting on a bench
cont	a man is eating at a restaurant .
cont	the man is at a christmas parade .
enta	a man is outside .
enta	a human with a flower .
enta	a man is outside
enta	a man with a coffee .
neut	the person is a birthday party .
neut	an orioles to a lot of fruit in the tree
cont	a man is selling cookies .
cont	the man threw out the tree and drinking the christmas .
cont	the man is using a bottle of wine in the kitchen .
cont	a man trying to get a drink at the mall .
enta	a human sells wine to a tree .
enta	a person enjoying some food with a beer .
enta	a man is outside .
enta	the person is near the tree
neut	a man is looking at the holiday christmas
neut	a man is carrying a big fallen tree .
cont	the man is hanging outside playing the games .
cont	the man is working in his room ,
cont	a man is eating a date .
cont	a man uses out of a doll inside .
enta	a man is facing a tree .
enta	people are standing by a famous tree .
enta	a man stands in a tree and looks on .
a man in a green shirt is singing karaoke while a young woman with long brownish hair stands by and listens .
neut	a man is singing for a large crowd of people
neut	the man and woman are singing for a crowd .
cont	a man is wearing a green shirt and dancing with a woman .
cont	the man is playing the guitar in the bathroom .
cont	two women singing in a band while singing into the microphone .
enta	the man and woman are singing and singing .
enta	the man and woman are singing and singing .
enta	two people singing
enta	two people are singing .
neut	the man is at a wedding .
neut	a woman is performing a song for a couple of friends .
neut	the man is cold
neut	the man is performing the guitar .
cont	a couple is singing in the park
cont	the man is at home sleeping
cont	the couple are jogging up the house .
enta	the man and woman are performing together .
enta	the man sings is playing his instrument .
neut	the man is happy to be a trick and girl .
neut	there are several people listening to win a cultural civil glasses .
cont	the woman is singing and walking on the walls .
cont	a guy is sitting and playing a game of football .
cont	a man in crazy blue does a spiderman .
enta	a man is singing with a young woman .
young girl with dark hair facing camera and holding a paper bag while wearing an orange shirt and multicolored butterfly wings .
neut	a girl is holding a shopping bag and is holding a paper bag .
neut	a girl is posing for a picture with her favorite hat .
cont	the girl with the camera is holding a black shirt .
enta	a girl is holding a paper bag .
enta	a girl is wearing a shirt and holding a bag .
neut	a girl with blonde hair is posing in front of an asian plant .
cont	the girl is naked .
cont	the girl is wearing purple pants .
cont	the young girl is painting a picture .
cont	the girl is sitting indoors
enta	a girl is watching the young girl .
enta	a little girl is posing by a paper bag .
enta	a young girl with dark hair posing over a paper bag
neut	the reading of the blond girl is looking over a small bag .
neut	a girl is being dragged by a silly bag .
cont	the girl looks asleep while her purse
cont	a girl does not like to use a blue bowl .
enta	a young girl in the bright shirt standing against a sign .
a young girl who is barefoot and with a scarf over her head dips her pen in ink and writes in a notebook .
neut	a young girl walks her friend .
neut	the girl is going to the store .
cont	the girl is running around the park with her purse
cont	a girl is running around the mall .
cont	a girl is sitting .
enta	a young girl is wearing a scarf .
enta	the girl is wearing a scarf
enta	a person is using a pen .
neut	a young girl has a sign in her first day of her day .
neut	the woman wearing a tutu and a bow is waiting for her husband
neut	a young girl with a scarf is trying to make a book to her friend
cont	a young boy wearing a blue shirt is dancing with a yo-yo .
cont	a girl is having dinner her cake .
cont	a boy is taking a nap
enta	a person with a scarf is carrying a q-tip .
enta	a girl is having her picture taken .
neut	a young child brushes her daughter , with brown hair .
cont	a girl in a mustard does not talk .
cont	a dog is taking ride tricks in a book .
cont	the young girl is skipping her electric bear .
enta	a child is holding hands and in a photo .
a man in black pants and a white shirt is walking down the sidewalk in front of a building that has graffiti on it .
neut	the man is walking to the building .
cont	the man is wearing a dress .
enta	the man is walking down the sidewalk
enta	a man is walking outside
enta	the man is walking outside
neut	a man is outside about to his favorite city
neut	the man is walking through church .
neut	a man is walking to the store .
cont	a man riding a stationary stop in the shade .
cont	a man is playing the flute .
cont	a man is sitting on his chair and is looking into a building .
enta	a man walks down a sidewalk
neut	a man is on his way to street walls .
neut	two man is walking down the street on a beautiful day .
cont	a man is running down a house door .
enta	a man in a black shirt and white pants is walking
enta	a man in a white shirt walking on the sidewalk .
enta	a man is shirtless as a man in front of art .
an older and younger man smiling .
neut	a father and son smiling at a concert .
neut	the man is wearing a hat .
neut	the older man and his son are smiling at the camera .
cont	the man is frowning at the older man
cont	the older man is eating a sandwich .
cont	the older man is crying and looking at the sky .
enta	the man is smiling
enta	the older man is smiling .
enta	the man is smiling
neut	old couple is kissing .
cont	an old girl and a cat eating ice cream .
cont	an old man is hit his two hands .
enta	a man and a woman are not standing .
enta	the man and the young man are .
enta	there are two old people .
enta	the couple is standing together .
neut	the adult is smiling as they see not learn .
neut	the older man close into the area because they can eat .
neut	the people are smiling at the man .
cont	the opera of the garbage does a person .
cont	the old men 's are wearing swim trunks .
enta	two people are talking at a happy .
a person in a green coat looks upwards while leaning against a fixture in front of a tree .
neut	a man is looking at a tree in front of a tree in front of
cont	a person is sitting on a couch .
cont	a person is sitting on a couch .
enta	a person is outside .
enta	a person wearing a coat is looking at a tree in front of a tree
enta	someone wearing a coat is looking at a tree .
enta	a person is wearing a coat
neut	a man is looking at his favorite tree to get in his lap .
neut	a school is very old .
cont	dog sleeps on the couch
cont	a person is standing on the couch .
enta	an individual is standing .
enta	a person is holding a branch
neut	a woman is looking , people in front of a large house .
cont	a person is running at night holding a chicken .
cont	the woman is painting a glass of brownies .
cont	a person is floating on the highway .
enta	a person is looking on some ground .
enta	a person is dressed as a painted coat .
two men trying to hoist themselves up from the water on to a walkway made of tires .
neut	two men trying to make a machine .
cont	the men are sleeping on the couch .
cont	two men are playing basketball
cont	two women trying to get to the water on a lake .
cont	two women trying to get a lot of water
enta	two men are trying to get wet .
enta	two men are trying to get to the water .
enta	the men are in the water .
enta	the men are outdoors .
neut	some men are trying to win a surfing competition .
cont	two men sleeping in the river .
cont	two people sleeping in a grassy field .
cont	two men are inside a store .
cont	the women are building a snowman .
enta	two guys are paddling down a walkway
neut	a couple of men are running towards a tunnel waiting .
neut	the men are having a better painted cup .
cont	the men are part of a planet .
cont	two guys are falling up the canal in a muddy area .
enta	two people are trying to get through a structure .
enta	two men work out in the water .
the white dog with brown spots is walking through shallow water .
neut	a dog is chasing a ball in the water .
neut	the white dog has a toy .
neut	a dog is walking through a field of water .
cont	the cat has a toy .
cont	the white dog is running through the water .
cont	the dog is chasing a cat
cont	a dog is dry .
enta	a dog is outside
enta	a dog walks through water .
enta	the dog is walking through water .
enta	a dog is walking .
neut	a white dog enjoying the snow in the water .
cont	the dogs did a walk
cont	the dog runs through the park .
cont	the dog is sitting inside .
cont	a white dog stands in the mud , chasing the cat .
enta	a dog rides on a water .
enta	a dog is walking through water .
enta	the dog walks through the water
enta	animals walk through water .
neut	the dog is speeding through the water .
neut	the dog is trying to get a fight
neut	a puppy begins for the sun boy .
cont	the dog is rolling hanging from his owner .
cont	the dog is running with the pig in the lake .
cont	a grey dog is walking through between the water .
enta	a dog is walking along a body of water .
a child wearing a green t-shirt takes his first steps across a playground bridge .
neut	a child is playing in a playground with his friends .
neut	the child is playing with his friends
cont	the child is playing with a dog .
cont	the child is on a bike .
enta	the child is playing outside
enta	a child is wearing a green t-shirt
enta	a child is playing outside .
enta	a child is playing outside
neut	a child is going for his first ride on the bridge .
neut	the little child was running outside for a show .
cont	a child is in the yard .
cont	a child is wearing red jeans and is riding the bus .
cont	a child is making a cake .
cont	a man is painting a house
enta	there are people on the bridge .
enta	a child in a green t-shirt and is outside the bridge .
enta	a child being pushed by a bridge with his hands .
neut	a child is enjoying something on the bridge .
neut	the child is going to get a attention of the ride .
neut	a child is touching an object while trying to get a picture .
cont	elderly child wearing a red green t-shirt smiles .
cont	a child in the kitchen jumping over a beautiful bridge .
cont	the child is taking drugs into a building .
enta	a child is being pulled by a road bridge .
enta	a child is outdoors with their high leaves .
enta	a child is walking with a backdrop bridge .
a group of 5 girls in school uniforms are standing together and waiting to cross the street while one girl takes a picture .
neut	four girls are waiting for their friend to arrive .
neut	a group of girls are waiting for their mother to get home .
neut	the girls are all wearing white .
cont	there are no girls standing next to each other
enta	some kids are near a street .
enta	some girls are near a street .
enta	the group of girls are standing outside .
neut	one picture of high high school team practices for a photograph .
cont	the girls are naked in the church .
cont	the three children are sitting at their living
cont	the girls on the lunch break in the bus is there .
enta	four girls are dressed up
enta	a girls is standing
enta	there are several girls .
neut	a group of friends is taking a picture of a snake .
cont	two boys are attacking play by the fire .
cont	a group of girls stand at the public bus grabs .
enta	five girls are standing outside , relaxing .
enta	three girls are going to ride a street .
enta	three girls are standing with their picture on the street .
the brown german shepherd dog is playing with a stick .
neut	the dog is playing with a stick in the yard .
neut	a dog dog playing fetch with its owner .
neut	a dog dog is playing fetch .
cont	a dog is sleeping on a couch .
cont	the dog is playing with a ball .
cont	the dog is sleeping
enta	a dog is playing .
enta	the dog is playing with a stick .
enta	the dog is playing with a stick .
enta	the dog was playing with a stick .
neut	a puppy is performing an instrument at a park .
neut	the dog plays at the park .
neut	the brown dog is giving a stick for a stick .
cont	the brown dog is sitting silently .
cont	the dog is not having a stick .
enta	two animals are in a field .
enta	a dog is moving
enta	the brown dog is performing a trick .
enta	a dog catches a stick in his mouth
neut	the dentist is playing with a ball ready to go .
neut	a boy is playing with a dollhouse at the park .
cont	an american american brown dog is playing with his owner in the store .
cont	a goat is about to be a ball with a stranger .
enta	the kid is moving across a stick .
enta	the dog is playing with a stick .
enta	the dog is made a hand of a stick .
enta	a dog is playing with a stick .
a shepherd breed dog running on the beach
neut	a dog is chasing a ball in the sand .
neut	the dog chases a ball
neut	a dog is running to catch a frisbee
cont	a dog is running through a field of a house .
cont	the dog is sleeping .
enta	a dog running on the beach .
enta	a dog is outside .
enta	a dog is running outside .
neut	a puppy is brown
neut	a black dog is trying to catch a stick in the sand .
neut	the dog running towards the woman .
cont	a cat is running on a beach .
cont	the girl runs around her own .
enta	a dog is using the beach .
enta	dog is running outside .
neut	the dog is afraid of the crowd .
neut	the puppy is outside , the green dog .
neut	a male dog running on the beach towards the canyon .
cont	a elephant is riding a bike .
cont	the dogs are running in a muddy beach .
cont	the animals are coming down the sea sidewalk .
enta	there is a dog running on the beach .
a soccer game in a large area with 8 yellow players and 4 black players .
neut	two people are playing soccer on a field
cont	the people are sitting on a couch .
cont	two people are playing basketball .
enta	players play soccer
enta	the people are playing soccer
enta	two players are playing soccer .
enta	the people are playing soccer
neut	people are excited for the soccer game .
neut	the soccer player is a famous fan .
neut	it is raining at the soccer game .
cont	football players are standing in a field
cont	football game .
cont	football team in ski park
cont	a football game is happening in a field of soccer players .
enta	one soccer player is holding a ball .
enta	the audience is at a soccer game .
neut	the soccer team with yellow ball is tying a cup
cont	the cat was mud down on the field .
cont	the team of wet teams are playing football
cont	a team is playing a game of lacrosse .
enta	a soccer game is being played outside .
a young lady walking down the street wearing a black jacket , sunglasses , sneakers , jeans , & gloves .
neut	the lady is a farmer .
neut	a lady is walking to work .
cont	the woman is wearing a blue jacket .
cont	a man is walking down the street with his hands up .
cont	a man is walking down the street .
enta	a woman is walking down the street .
enta	a woman is wearing a black jacket
enta	a lady is outside .
enta	a young lady is wearing sunglasses .
neut	the lady just finished working .
neut	a woman is walking to the store
neut	the lady is walking to her friend .
cont	an old lady is wearing glasses and is walking .
cont	the young woman is at home eating lunch .
cont	a boy is taking a nap .
cont	a woman with a black jacket and sunglasses is dancing .
enta	a young lady is on the street .
enta	there is a young lady outdoors
enta	a woman is walking with gloves
neut	a lady is walking towards a town market .
neut	a young lady on the street is tall and shoes .
cont	the young lady poses for a man wearing plain shoes .
cont	a lady is riding a dark jacket before night .
cont	a young lady is jogging around in the middle of the street .
cont	the old lady is dressed as a blindfold .
enta	woman is going to street corner
a race dog numbered six is midair .
neut	the dog was playing with a ball .
neut	dog running through a field
neut	a dog is chasing a ball .
neut	the dog was playing with a ball
cont	a dog is sleeping in a crib .
cont	a dog sits in a chair
cont	a dog is chasing a rabbit in a field .
cont	the dog is chasing a cat .
enta	someone is playing with a dog .
enta	the dog is running .
neut	the dog team is about .
neut	the poodle ran towards the dog .
neut	a dog is doing stunts for the crowd .
cont	the cat sits
cont	the dog ran through the field .
enta	a dog jumps
neut	a dog jumps over a large float in the mountains .
neut	the dog is from one animal as it would nothing .
neut	the dog is posing for a turn shot .
cont	a dog is seated at the pound and zip .
enta	a dog catches after animals in his mouth .
a group of women are standing in front of a building .
neut	women are waiting for a bus
neut	the women are standing in front of a building for a party .
cont	a man is standing in front of a building
cont	the women are sitting in the middle of the street .
enta	the group of women are outside .
enta	a group of women standing in front of a building .
enta	there are women standing in front of a building .
enta	the women are outside .
neut	there are multiple women 's latest .
neut	some women are outside a building for a walk .
neut	a group of people are wearing a white hat .
cont	these men are sitting in front of a building waiting for the bus .
cont	the women are all drinking tea in a restaurant .
cont	a group of women are shopping for shoes at the mall .
cont	the women are sitting on a chair .
enta	woman gathers near the building .
enta	a group stands ahead
enta	some women are outside a building .
neut	the women are young nicely .
neut	the women are getting ready to each other .
cont	the women are racing in an opera .
cont	all of the women is dancing at the store .
cont	a group of guys sit in a circle of a small building .
cont	the women are all inside a house and reading .
enta	the women are standing around a building .
enta	some people are standing in front of a building .
enta	a group of woman is standing next to a building .
a mom is taking a picture with her two small daughters .
neut	the mother and daughter are taking a picture of the couple .
cont	people take a picture of a dog in a crib .
cont	a woman is taking a picture with her two sons .
enta	a woman is holding a camera .
enta	a woman is taking a picture with her two children .
enta	a woman is taking a picture with her two girls .
enta	the mother is taking a picture .
neut	the family is posing for the photo taken .
neut	a mother is visiting the ocean with her family .
cont	woman and her dog play inside of the tree .
cont	a father and small small small small crowd of people .
cont	a woman is at home sleeping .
cont	a young woman is holding a puppy .
enta	there is a girl .
enta	a woman is having her family holding a photographer .
neut	the little girl is photographing logs with their parents .
cont	a boy is milking his sister 's hair .
cont	a boy is jumping a tree with her family .
enta	a young girl shows a small two people .
a man in a kitchen leaning over a table sharpening a knife .
neut	a man is trying to make a knife to make a knife .
neut	the man is trying to make a knife
neut	a tall human cut .
cont	a man is sitting on a couch .
cont	a man is sitting on a couch
enta	a man is in a kitchen .
enta	a man is holding a knife .
enta	the man is holding a knife .
neut	a man is using a class hand
neut	he is preparing for his job
neut	a man is making a piece of a birthday cake .
cont	the man is drinking from the water .
cont	a man is using a machine up a table .
enta	a person makes an instrument .
enta	a man in a kitchen with a knife in his kitchen .
neut	a man is making out a fire behind the table .
neut	a man is yelling an old man before saturday .
cont	the he is not working in the kitchen with a string .
cont	a man saws a house behind a table .
enta	the man is maintaining a mess lot .
a black dog is chasing a ball on a green grass .
neut	the dog is playing in the park
cont	a dog is chasing a cat .
cont	the dog is in a desert .
cont	the dog is sleeping on the couch .
enta	a dog is chasing a ball .
enta	a dog chases a ball on a green grass
enta	the dog is playing in the grass .
enta	a dog is playing .
neut	a dog jumping over the grass to get to the park .
cont	a black dog is playing basketball for a competition .
cont	the dog is awake and .
enta	a dog jumps in the grass .
enta	a dog is playing with a ball in a yard .
neut	the dog is about to run a dart
neut	the dog loves his owner in the dirt .
neut	a man is wearing a ball during a long walk .
cont	a dog is playing saw where a cat .
cont	a dog is getting ready to run down the road .
cont	a black dog is jumping in the pool .
enta	a black dog makes a ball on the grass .
street vendors sell various wards , including pineapples and soccer balls .
neut	vendors sell their shoes for the first time .
cont	the vendors are selling food
cont	the vendors are selling food at the restaurant .
enta	vendors sell produce
enta	vendors are selling .
neut	vendors smoking fast fast bananas .
neut	the vendors had a new .
cont	an vendors store with bucket are selling them in the street .
cont	sipping lunch in the park
enta	the vendors have produce
neut	local rich workers have long railroad project
neut	the venders are delivering out pieces to see .
cont	a bunch of people are sitting inside and cheese .
cont	the city street is staying on car .
cont	a lone market of all street eating
enta	goods works works on a road .
a football coach guiding one of his players on what he should do .
neut	the coach is a woman
cont	the coach is taking a nap
cont	a coach is playing baseball .
enta	the coach has a game .
enta	a coach is playing a game .
enta	a person playing sports .
neut	the man in a park is watching the game .
neut	the football players wearing blue uniforms are playing .
neut	the football team are performing indoors .
cont	the coach is giving a speech .
cont	a man is taking his baseball lessons on his opponent .
enta	the coach is ready to perform .
enta	a football player is bring a football .
enta	the man is performing
enta	someone came in the football .
neut	the people are lifting songs for photo .
neut	the football team is trying to hold a fan with the football .
neut	the ground is a soldier for the upcoming football .
cont	the players are playing volleyball .
enta	some people are playing football .
two men are cooking food together on the corner of the street .
neut	two men are cooking food for a party .
neut	two men are cooking food for a friend .
neut	two men cooking for a party out of the day .
neut	two men cooking food for a party .
cont	two women eat food at a restaurant .
cont	the men are eating dinner at the restaurant .
enta	two men are cooking food .
enta	the two men are cooking food .
enta	two men are cooking food for a food .
enta	the men are cooking .
neut	two friends in a street corner and they talk .
neut	two men are on vacation .
neut	three people are making food for their family .
cont	2 women are watching the food .
cont	there are shops available at the bar .
enta	the men are making food .
enta	two men make a meal
enta	there are two men cooking .
enta	three humans cook
neut	men are drinking pancakes at a corner .
cont	men are drinking a dinner inside .
cont	two men are skydiving at a table .
cont	two men are drinking water under the street .
enta	two men are grilling food .
enta	these men are working in the street .
enta	two men are cooking food in front of a street .
a man wearing glasses and black clothing is sitting while a man in a vest drinks in the background .
neut	the man is drinking a beer .
neut	a man is drinking coffee
neut	the man is drinking a beer .
cont	a man is wearing a coat and sitting in a chair .
cont	the man is wearing a coat .
enta	there is a man and a man sitting .
enta	the man is drinking .
enta	a man is sitting down .
enta	two men drinking
neut	the men are giving a beer .
neut	two men are waiting for their friend who eating .
neut	they asked the man .
neut	the man is watching the woman get a nap .
cont	woman drinking beer .
cont	three women walking on the sidewalk
cont	a woman holds a cat .
enta	the man is sitting down
neut	a man in his sports uniform is talking while drinking .
neut	a man is drinking a clown 's martini .
neut	the man is signing a small man .
cont	the man is running a speedboat full of attention .
cont	the man is wearing a karate suit .
cont	a man is screaming out of a young man .
enta	a man is sitting behind a man .
enta	a man is giving a man eat .
man playing golf indoors with coat on .
neut	a tall person playing .
neut	the man is wearing a helmet .
cont	the man is playing volleyball in the park
cont	the man is swimming in the ocean
enta	a man is playing golf
enta	a man is playing golf
enta	a man is playing golf .
neut	a man is playing a trick of golf for his family .
neut	he is a professional .
neut	an angry man is playing golf with a coat .
neut	a man is playing golf with a white muscle watching the golf run .
cont	a man is watching his wife play golf .
cont	a man is at the park
cont	the man is watching a movie
enta	someone is holding a bowling .
neut	the man is competing to get out of the bowling ball .
neut	an man is getting ready to play golf with a blue coat .
cont	the man is on the grass
cont	a man plays golf in a field .
cont	the man is bringing a rain of falling .
cont	a man is hitting each other with a kite .
enta	the man is on a golf table .
teens doing there best at a jump photo .
neut	teens are in a race
neut	the teens are doing a trick for a big game
cont	teens are playing with a dog in a park .
cont	teens sitting on a bench .
cont	teens are sitting in a chair .
enta	teens are doing a trick .
enta	a group of teens are doing a trick at a jump camera .
enta	there are teenagers at a camera .
enta	the people are near a picture .
neut	the couple make a picture of their parents .
neut	teens in a camera look for vacation
neut	teenagers are laughing
neut	teens take a picture for an audience .
cont	nobody is looking .
enta	the kids are in the sun .
enta	teenagers are playing .
enta	three people are gathered together in a camera .
enta	people are riding on a camera .
neut	the co-workers are able to finish the finish line .
cont	the happy played in front of the building while ready for dinner .
cont	a teacher in their mp3 played outside .
cont	the girls are all asleep in front of the mountain
enta	a young of adults are too in a model shot .
a happy boy is jumping in front od city fountain .
neut	the boy is playing with his friends
neut	the boy is wearing a helmet .
neut	the boy jumps to get his first time .
cont	a boy is sleeping on the fountain .
cont	the boy is playing in the sand
cont	the boy is playing in the sand .
enta	a human jumping .
enta	a boy is jumping
enta	boy jumping
neut	the boy is using parkour
neut	a little boy is jumping from his dog in front of the fountain .
neut	a little boy and his friends jumping on the street .
cont	a boy is walking down the street
cont	a child makes a car
cont	a boy lying his car on the street .
enta	a little boy is in front of a fountain .
enta	a boy is having fun
neut	the boy is distracted on the way to school .
neut	a boy is jumping to his water while standing in front of the fountain .
cont	a little boy is laying on the front beach .
cont	little boy is riding a plane in front of the fountain .
enta	a young boy is near a rest roll in front of the fountain .
enta	a with child is near the fountain .
enta	a boy swings to his water .
enta	a boy is jumping in front of a fountain .
three dogs racing on racetrack
neut	dogs racing to the same time .
neut	the dogs are racing
cont	the dogs are running in the park .
cont	the dogs are inside .
enta	the dogs are outside .
enta	three dogs racing
enta	some animals are on the track .
enta	a group of dogs racing on a racetrack .
neut	some dogs run across the track for the first time .
neut	three brown dogs are racing each other .
neut	a group of dogs are racing on the track .
cont	the room is broken .
enta	several dogs do tricks on a track
enta	the dogs on the track .
enta	three dogs are outside
enta	three dogs are riding on a track .
neut	the dogs are wearing a colored uniforms .
neut	the dogs are about to go before the sights
cont	the dogs are having a conversation on the beach .
cont	some dogs are flying a cross ball .
cont	dogs are sitting in the grass .
enta	a bunch of animals jumping on the racetrack .
a dog reaches to catch a ball with its mouth .
neut	the dog wants to catch the ball .
neut	a dog is playing fetch with a ball .
neut	a dog is playing fetch with its owner .
cont	the cat has a ball .
cont	a dog is sleeping on the floor .
enta	an animal is outside .
enta	a dog plays .
enta	the dog has a ball .
neut	a dog is catching his owner in the water .
neut	this dog is a toy
neut	the dog is a burglar master .
neut	a hunter catches a ball in its mouth .
cont	a dog is chasing the ball on the street .
cont	a cat is taking a nap in a field
enta	the dog is halfway in the air .
enta	a dog catches a ball
enta	a dog watches to catch a ball .
neut	a dog is playing at a rocky and ball will be .
neut	the dog is trying to get a walk .
cont	the boys are digging in the snow .
cont	the dog is not of owner swim .
cont	a dog is feeding his goat by the water .
enta	a dog 's lap mouth off .
enta	the person is throwing a ball .
a person is climbing and has nearly reached the sign at the top
neut	the person is climbing a cliff with a group of people .
neut	a person is waiting for a friend .
neut	a person is waiting for someone .
neut	the person is trying to find a new day
cont	a man is sleeping in a chair .
cont	a person climbs up a tree to the top of the sign .
enta	a person is in the middle of a sign .
enta	a person climbing and holding a sign .
enta	there is a person climbing
neut	a person is young
neut	a man is getting his job
neut	someone is trying to climb the sign .
cont	a person in the middle of the street are watching tv .
cont	a person is dancing in the top of a mountain .
cont	someone is walking with his family .
cont	a man is swimming fishing .
enta	a person is climbing the sign at the top of the sign .
enta	there is a person outdoors
neut	a person is working while taking a hike .
neut	the person is telling on a model also they are climbing .
neut	a person is climbing up sign he easy .
cont	the person is working on the video game .
cont	a person is having a picnic by almost the face .
cont	the person is climbing the tree on the highway .
cont	a person is jumping asleep in his room .
enta	a person is climbing up a sign .
enta	person works as bent on top .
a man with a tattoo is wearing sunglasses while holding a small boy .
neut	the man with a tattoo is holding a large boy with his son .
neut	the man is holding his son who is holding his son .
cont	two people are playing with a dog .
enta	a man is wearing sunglasses
enta	a man with a tattoo is wearing sunglasses
enta	a man is holding a child .
neut	a man in sunglasses is going to a small boy to get to him .
neut	man posing for a picture with her son
cont	a man is holding a knife .
cont	a mother helps her son 's hair .
enta	a man is with a child in sunglasses .
enta	a man and a boy taking a tattoo .
neut	the man in very clothes practices tricks .
neut	the man is wearing a shorts and white dots .
cont	a man with a robot is alive by the light .
enta	the man is holding out a boy .
enta	a man dressed in passing glasses is waving a boy .
enta	a man are shown from a camera while wearing sunglasses .
a man in a black jacket and blue jeans carries a bouquet of red roses along a city sidewalk past a bus stop .
neut	the man is a professional bug .
cont	the man is in a black jacket
enta	the man is outside
enta	a man is wearing a jacket
enta	a man in a black jacket and blue jeans is carrying a bouquet .
enta	a man has a bouquet .
neut	the man is older than the snow .
neut	a man is carrying something with his christmas christmas .
neut	a man is carrying his christmas gift in a city city .
cont	the man was drinking a soda of ice cream
cont	a man dressed in blue is carrying a purple flowers .
enta	the man is carrying a bouquet .
enta	a man is holding a flowers flowers .
neut	a man is going to run wearing a blue jacket
neut	a man is trying to win some roses off the street .
cont	the man and woman are sitting in front of a bus .
cont	a man dances in a middle of the street that is on a bus .
cont	the woman with the shirt is a shark .
enta	a man in front of the street leads others .
a cyclist is performing a jump next to a black advertising banner .
neut	the cyclist is competing in a race
neut	the cyclist is doing a trick for a crowd .
neut	the cyclist is a woman
cont	a cyclist is on the beach .
cont	the cyclist is riding his bike
cont	a man is riding a bike .
enta	a cyclist does a trick .
enta	the cyclist is in the air .
neut	a cyclist is wearing shorts .
neut	a person skateboarding to the top of the skating team .
neut	a cyclist jumps off a big board
cont	a man is snowboarding down a hill
cont	a cyclist rides in a car on a street .
cont	a snowboarder is driving a car down a street in a field .
cont	a cyclist is watching a car on the street .
enta	a cyclist is performing a trick .
neut	a group of hair , all black for a jump race .
neut	a competition class is being seen at the bike race .
neut	a british cyclist is skating to win the world .
cont	a sergeant is taking a shower before camp .
cont	a kayaker does a trick on the bike .
cont	a ship is working on a farm .
cont	a woman is celebrating a red race 's quad .
enta	a man is doing a jump jump .
a little girl wearing a pink , yellow and white bathing suit , gets wet from a splash of water .
neut	the girl is playing with her friends .
cont	a little girl is playing basketball .
cont	the girl is wearing a dress .
cont	a girl is playing with her dog .
cont	a girl is playing with her dog
enta	a girl is outside .
enta	a girl is wearing a pink dress .
enta	the girl has a pink dress .
neut	the girl just won the bikini .
cont	a little girl is sitting on the floor in a pool .
cont	a little girl is standing still .
cont	the boy is on a bus .
cont	a little girl eats ice cream
enta	the little girl is wearing clothes
enta	the girl is wearing clothes .
enta	a child has an bathing suit .
enta	the girl is wearing a bathing suit .
neut	a girl preparing to go down a rain board .
cont	a girl is climbing a fire into the river .
cont	a girl jumps into the water and white in winter .
cont	a young girl is posing with a cat in the ocean .
enta	a little girl is lounging with bubbles in the water .
uniformed schoolgirls are walking together on the street .
neut	some people are walking to the store
neut	a group of young female children are walking to the park
neut	the young group of young girls are walking to the store to buy .
cont	some people are sitting on a couch .
cont	the group of people are sitting on the bench .
enta	a group of people are walking together on the street .
enta	some people are walking
enta	a group of young and female are walking together on the street .
enta	people are walking
neut	bystanders are dressed for halloween .
neut	students are doing their for work .
cont	a group of boys are at home .
cont	the soldiers are walking through the police station .
cont	the policemen are riding their bikes outside .
enta	the soldiers are taking a walk on the street .
neut	the teenagers are about to win the store .
neut	students are walking on the street to change a live show .
cont	three boys are taking a ride in the middle of a city street .
cont	the boys are running away from the forest .
enta	the fireman is on the street .
enta	a policewoman is looking to the street .
enta	students are walking down a street .
enta	there are working on the street and cars .
here is a picture of a bald man with a beard and sunglasses , washing his hands at a spring or waterfall .
neut	the man is a professional artist .
neut	the man is wearing a hat .
cont	the man is wearing a blue shirt
enta	a man is cleaning a waterfall .
enta	a man is washing a waterfall .
enta	the man has a beard .
enta	there is a man in a picture .
neut	the man is at the park
neut	the man is cleaning the park .
cont	the man is making a sword .
cont	the man is naked
cont	a hunter paints his hands during a field .
enta	the man is using his hands
neut	the man is standing in his head , to sell them .
cont	the man is putting a portrait of a woman .
cont	a man wears a cherry shirt and sunglasses .
cont	a shot of the no one on a blanket .
enta	a man different outside under the rock .
enta	a guy is dressed in his hand .
a model is standing next too a blue jeep .
neut	the model is wearing a blue helmet .
neut	a man is about to get a blue car .
cont	the model is riding a bike in a garage .
enta	a model is standing next to a vehicle .
enta	a person standing .
enta	a model is standing next to a vehicle .
enta	someone is standing .
neut	the truck is owned by the car .
neut	a car with a blue vehicle are working hard
neut	a model is looking for an lost car in a race .
cont	the man was driving his car to a restaurant
cont	the person is sitting in the living room .
cont	an old man is resting in the park
enta	the car is on a vehicle .
enta	a car is going on .
neut	a view of the yellow car is waiting for a finish .
neut	a person is posing for a picture before the scenic .
cont	a satellite drops is looking at the trees .
cont	a guy is packing snow with a green utility .
enta	a person in a place place in the yellow orange .
a person is climbing a cliff wall , over a rocky shore , using a rope .
neut	the person is climbing a cliff to get to the top of the cliff .
neut	the person is trying to get to the top of the cliff .
cont	the person is sitting on a bench .
cont	a person is sitting on a bench in the park .
enta	a person climbs
enta	a person is climbing a cliff .
enta	the rope is being pushed by a person .
enta	a person is climbing a cliff .
neut	a woman with paint fishing the cliff is climbing up a cliff wall .
neut	he is going on his wedding .
cont	he eats food
cont	a man is carrying fishing diving .
cont	the person is standing in the field .
cont	a person in a winter day chasing a dog through the park .
enta	a person is near the shore .
enta	someone climbing .
enta	there is a rock wall .
neut	a father is floating up a cliff in nature .
neut	a boy is riding a mountain dunes with her brother .
cont	a person is walking on the path .
cont	the person is setting a fishing while wearing a sombrero .
cont	a person flies foot in a pole while .
enta	a person is guiding the distance of a cliff .
a woman prays while a young girl lights a fire
neut	the woman is the girl 's mother .
neut	a woman is crying at her daughter .
neut	a woman is with her daughter .
neut	the woman giggles as the girl was wearing a helmet .
cont	a woman is sleeping
cont	the woman is sleeping .
cont	the woman is sleeping .
enta	the woman and the girl are outside
enta	a woman is with a girl with a present .
enta	a woman is with a girl .
enta	the woman is outside .
neut	two individuals are watching a funny girl play .
cont	a woman is sitting at the bar .
cont	a woman walks her dog with the remote .
cont	a woman is standing in a field .
cont	the man is knitting a suit .
enta	there is a lady on the fire .
enta	a human prays
enta	there are multiple woman who is crying .
neut	the woman is admiring the woman who has gotten .
neut	a woman wearing shoes is all at a fire market .
cont	the woman is jogging by a tractor .
cont	the woman is alone on top of the fire .
cont	a woman is sitting down and having a pillow in one .
enta	a woman is standing with a young girl .
enta	a woman is working with a young girl .
a man in a lab coat looking into a microscope with containers in the background .
neut	a man is looking into a microscope to his friend
neut	a tall person looking into a microscope .
cont	a woman looking into a microscope with a microscope with a microscope .
cont	a woman in a coat is looking into a microscope .
enta	a man is looking into a microscope
enta	a man in a coat is looking into a microscope .
enta	a man is looking into a microscope in the background
enta	a person looking into a microscope .
neut	the man is working with his project .
neut	a man is selling stuff in a lab .
cont	nobody is washing the phone .
cont	a man is selling stuff on the ground
cont	a man is looking at a person 's lap in the park .
cont	the man is looking at a plane .
enta	a man is dressed as an animal .
neut	a man is looking for a beam in the neighbor .
cont	a man is looking into a countertop .
cont	a man is reading to a laptop reading .
enta	a man is looking at a microscope .
enta	a man is dressed by a microscope .
enta	a person with a site is readying clothes .
two men performing in a music group .
neut	a group of people performing in a band .
neut	two men are performing in a band .
neut	the men are practicing for a concert
neut	two men perform in a band .
cont	two women performing in a band of a band .
cont	a couple of men are playing volleyball .
cont	two men are playing golf .
cont	two women performing in a band of a group of people .
enta	there are two men in this picture , and they are all outside .
neut	some performers are in a band .
neut	two people are practicing their music .
neut	the men are a jazz music
cont	the two men are sitting quietly in a church .
cont	they are watching a man play in the sand .
cont	two men have just cooked lunch at the bar .
cont	two people sleeping outside .
enta	group of person working on their performance .
neut	the men are playing performing with friends
neut	two men are performing music in a speech .
cont	the men are dancing from the beach .
cont	the soldier settle playing in the art chinese .
enta	four vehicles are having a music signing .
two people are waiting for a train at a station .
neut	the train is a man .
cont	two people are at the beach in the city .
cont	the people are at the beach in the city .
enta	two people are waiting for a train at the station .
enta	a couple of people are waiting for a train at a train station .
enta	two people waiting for a train at the station .
enta	two people waiting at a train .
neut	two people wearing hats are waiting for a train .
neut	two people standing in the rain waiting for the train .
neut	the people were riding a train to work
cont	two people about to finish a car in the airport .
enta	the people are gathered in a train .
enta	two people waiting on a train
enta	two people want to ride the train .
neut	the people are happy and take to be part .
neut	man sitting in a train as they prepare for the train .
neut	the two people are trying to win a red train .
cont	two people are riding steps in a car .
cont	two people are sitting at a restaurant rink .
enta	two people are standing by a train .
enta	the two people are on the train together .
a crowd of people are standing against a railing .
neut	the people are waiting for the bus .
neut	a group of people are waiting for a friend .
neut	people waiting for a bus .
neut	a crowd of people are standing against a railing to get to work .
cont	a man is playing with a dog .
cont	a man sits on a bench drinking coffee .
cont	the people are watching a movie in the living room .
enta	people are standing against a railing .
enta	the people are standing
enta	a crowd of people standing together .
enta	there is a crowd of people standing outdoors .
neut	the group of people walk home from the parade .
neut	the crowd of people are tired .
cont	a crowd of people sit and play the game of cars .
cont	a man stand in front of his family at the bar .
enta	the crowd stands together
enta	some people are in front of a railing .
neut	the men are taking a picture for photos .
neut	all enjoy students are walking down the street
neut	people are standing in front of a streetlight shuttle .
cont	the new group of people are jogging around the doctor .
cont	the crowd is a cat standing by himself .
cont	the no people are standing out in the group .
cont	a group of people look on at the store .
enta	people are gathered in a outdoor area .
an old dusty car is half way in the brown water .
neut	the car is a boat .
neut	an old man stands in the water on a sunny day .
neut	the car is a lake .
cont	the old man is sitting in the car .
cont	the old man is sitting in the car
cont	the old lady is driving her car to the store .
cont	the car is in the desert .
enta	an old person is getting wet in the water .
enta	a car is being used to the ground .
neut	someone is laying in the middle of the car watching the game .
neut	a man is selling a car from the water .
cont	the old man is inside drinking .
cont	a elderly man is sleeping in the street
cont	a old lady is watching tv .
enta	someone is hanging from the water .
enta	a man is watching water .
neut	a happy father next to the lake of leaves and water .
neut	the good favorite car is getting busy with an obstacle .
neut	an old old bald is bending over a lake in the summer .
cont	a woman is chopping a banana by the bridge .
cont	a guy wearing an object is driving away from the other .
enta	a guy and construction is used in the liquid .
two women standing outside looking at a water fountain with bright green trees in the background .
neut	the women are looking at the water fountain in the middle of the city .
cont	the two women are at the beach playing volleyball
enta	the two women are outside looking at water .
enta	two women are standing outside .
enta	two women are looking at a water fountain with green trees .
neut	the women are at the ocean fair .
cont	the women are at work .
cont	dog chases through the lake
enta	two ladies hold stands in the air .
enta	the women stand by the water fountain
enta	there are women in the water .
neut	the women are picking dresses at water .
cont	two women are standing in line directions with their hats .
cont	the two women are dressed in swimsuits .
enta	some women are standing still .
two basketball players in black and white outfits are standing on a basketball court , talking .
neut	the two players are playing basketball
neut	the two basketball players are talking about the game .
neut	two basketball players are talking about the game .
cont	two basketball players are sitting on the beach .
enta	two basketball players are standing on a basketball court .
enta	the people are standing on the basketball court .
enta	there are people standing outside
enta	there are two people on the basketball team on a court .
neut	two basketball players holding their team in the middle of the game .
cont	the basketball players are drinking from the game .
cont	two people running on the beach .
enta	two two basketball teams are standing together .
enta	two refs are discussing .
neut	two people are trying to watch men watch .
neut	the guys are getting ready to play basketball .
cont	one coach dries out of the basketball trophy .
cont	there are no team a blue sport .
enta	2 guys are outdoors , each other .
enta	two basketball players are planning in the court .
enta	some people are standing , playing basketball .
four children are dressed as clowns and dancers on a stage while another two children dressed as clowns are suspended from ropes .
neut	three children are dressed up for halloween .
neut	the children are dressed up for the party .
neut	a few children are performing for an audience in their party .
cont	the children are in the class
cont	a group of children are sitting in a chair
cont	children are sitting on the stage watching the clowns at the park .
cont	the people are dressed in matching outfits .
enta	some kids are in a group .
enta	there are people dancing
enta	four children are performing on a stage .
enta	four children are dancing
neut	young dancers are performing for the dancers in the park for the dancers .
cont	four children stand in line at the bar .
cont	the people are laying down on a stage .
cont	the kids are breakdancing
enta	four children are dressed up on a stage .
enta	the group of dancers are dressed for the clown .
neut	the two people are trying to call to their children .
neut	four children break a turn on stage to sing .
cont	the kids is sitting on the stage with short shorts .
cont	a young children are playing with their exact baseball .
cont	a group of people are running away from the community .
cont	four children run at a school hall
enta	a group of people are dancing with their kids .
enta	children enjoyed the frame of a stage
a woman is cleaning an outdoor pool .
neut	a woman cleaning an outdoor pool for a picture .
cont	a woman is sleeping .
cont	a woman is in the middle of the ocean
cont	the woman is in the middle of the ocean
enta	a woman is outdoors .
enta	a woman is in a pool .
neut	the water is a raw .
neut	the woman is using a sweater .
neut	a woman taking a break in a pool .
cont	the man is grilling at the beach
cont	a woman is baking cookies .
enta	a woman cleans a pool pool .
neut	a woman is cleaning something for the money .
cont	the woman is in the cafe .
enta	a woman is fixing an pool
enta	a woman is cleaning an fountain .
a black dog and a goose swim in the water .
neut	the dog is chasing a ball in the water .
cont	the dog is sleeping on the floor
cont	the dog is dead
cont	the dogs are chasing a cat .
enta	the dog and the goat are in the water .
enta	the dog has a toy .
enta	there is a dog and a duck .
enta	the dog and the duck are wet .
neut	the dog will win the swim .
neut	the dog is trying to get the avalanche .
cont	the dogs are sitting in a park
cont	some dogs chasing a cat through the grass .
enta	the two dogs are outside .
neut	an indian dog is fishing by the lake .
neut	a black dog is fishing and is chasing a animal .
neut	a dog tries to catch a goat because it was climbing .
neut	the dog is on a the pool beach .
cont	the dog is chasing a cat .
cont	a dog is on a deserted desert .
cont	a dog holds the dog in his owner 's lap .
cont	the dogs had play in the desert .
enta	a black dog is swimming by a water .
a man with a dark shirt and light shorts is standing next to a person wearing a light shirt on a sidewalk .
neut	the man is waiting for his wife to arrive .
neut	the man is waiting for a bus .
cont	the man is wearing a black shirt .
cont	a woman with a green shirt is standing .
enta	a man and a person are outside .
enta	there are people standing next to each other .
enta	a man is wearing a shirt
neut	a couple stand outside the party .
neut	a man is standing next to his friends
cont	the woman is watching tv
cont	three men are laying on a bench .
cont	a woman holds a man on a date .
enta	a man is wearing a winter costume .
enta	there are two people in this picture .
enta	two people stand next to each other .
neut	a man is taking a walk by the child with .
cont	a man is shooting a call while everyone on the sidewalk .
cont	a man is sleeping by a train .
cont	a woman showing broken in front of a man .
enta	a man in yellow looks next to another person .
enta	a man is standing next to a person .
young man engraves arabic writing into a stone .
neut	the man is trying to make a mess to play in a competition .
cont	a man is playing with a friend .
cont	a young man eating a sandwich .
cont	a man is playing a game .
enta	a human eating
enta	a young man is reading
neut	the young man enjoys listening to music .
neut	the teacher is a street artist .
cont	the man is making a vase
enta	a man is making an object .
neut	the man is preparing to give a lot of mail .
neut	a man dropped atop to his favorite book .
cont	a man is shooting out of a set of rock .
cont	man is preparing to drink at a kitchen .
enta	the man is setting art while sitting on a stone .
the baseball player is running after the ball .
neut	a baseball player is running in the championship game
neut	the player is a woman
cont	the player is sitting on a bench .
cont	the player is swimming in the ocean .
cont	he is sitting on a bench .
enta	the baseball player is holding a ball .
enta	a person running .
enta	a baseball player runs after a ball .
neut	a baseball player is about to score the ball .
neut	a tall ball
neut	the running back is about to score a goal .
cont	the boy is standing
cont	the baseball player is sitting upright to the ball .
enta	a baseball player is exercising .
enta	a baseball player sliding the ball from the ball .
enta	the player outside is running .
neut	the baseball player is running to start a catcher .
cont	a dog in the field is running with his parents .
cont	a dog takes two bath at the baseball game .
enta	there is a person playing softball .
enta	a player is running with the ball .
two men in uniforms are in soccer field behind a line waiting to play .
neut	the men are all playing soccer .
cont	two men are sitting in a chair at the park .
enta	a group of men play soccer .
enta	two men are outside
enta	two men are playing soccer
enta	two men are playing soccer .
neut	the two men look for a soccer ball .
neut	two older men are looking for a ball .
cont	two men are running a marathon .
cont	no one is playing soccer .
enta	a group of men were performing in the field .
enta	two men with helmets are near a line .
enta	the men are in uniforms .
enta	two men are batting .
neut	two men are playing a homerun .
cont	one flight flight is falling on the ground .
cont	the men are sitting still on their soccer .
cont	the two men are walking in the country .
enta	two people in hats are near a seat .
two kids are standing in the ocean hugging each other .
neut	the kids are in the ocean , and they are all friends .
cont	two children are sitting in a field .
cont	two kids are at a table .
cont	the kids are swimming in the ocean .
enta	a couple of kids are standing in the ocean .
enta	two children are standing in the ocean .
enta	two kids are standing in the ocean .
enta	the kids are in water .
neut	the kids are at the ocean on a sunny day .
neut	the kids are giving a speech .
neut	two brothers dressed like hats are looking for a ball .
cont	one boy catches the boy in the ocean .
enta	there is a couple children in the water .
enta	two kids are are dressed up .
enta	some children are standing together outdoors .
neut	the kids are having a great picnic line .
cont	the kids are all playing baseball down the highway .
cont	the two children are eating by a fire riding .
cont	the toddlers are wearing stand t-shirts and eat .
cont	two children are eating from their instruments .
enta	two people are near the carribean .
several people wait to checkout inside a store with a warehouse looking ceiling .
neut	people are waiting for the store to open
neut	the people are shopping for grocery store
cont	the people are outside .
cont	some people are eating .
enta	there are people outside .
enta	the people are waiting to board a store .
enta	several people are waiting to board a store .
neut	it 's a sunny day in the store .
neut	a group of children are preparing to buy an apple at the store .
cont	people ride a bus in a parking lot .
cont	these clowns do n't walk on the store .
enta	there are people getting wet .
enta	three people are at a store .
enta	people near a store .
neut	the people have going to eat hot .
neut	the people are at a shopping trip
cont	a mountain tribe in a restaurant stand by the building .
cont	there is a group of people sitting on a curb .
cont	a stand of people are sitting at a cafe .
cont	a group of people are running away from the store .
enta	a person at his job stand and things in a subway .
people cheer as a bicyclist rides his bike off a ramp
neut	the people are riding their bikes to the store .
cont	people watching a movie .
cont	a group of people are sitting in a chair .
enta	a group of people are riding a bike
enta	the people are riding a bike .
enta	a bicyclist is riding his bike outside .
enta	people ride a bike
neut	the audience of the bicyclist is going fast .
cont	the group of people are riding their bikes through the field .
cont	a man watches a circus go .
enta	a person rides a bike near a ramp .
neut	people are going to their tour volleyball .
neut	there was a group of people watching off their new bike .
cont	runners with a bicycle their rider 's bull .
enta	there are people outside and are riding their bike .
a woman is holding one young children with another standing next to her while a man is sitting by a small campfire .
neut	a woman and her two children are at a parade .
neut	they are going to get a ride .
neut	a woman is holding her two young children at a park .
cont	two young children are playing in a park with a man in a kitchen .
cont	the man is sleeping
cont	two children are playing in the park .
enta	a woman is holding a child .
enta	the woman is holding a child .
enta	two people holding a man and a man .
neut	a woman and her children are kissing their mother
cont	a woman and her child are riding a bike down the road .
cont	a woman and child are asleep .
cont	a woman and dog .
enta	the woman and children have the man .
enta	the woman is holding a child in her hand .
enta	there are a family near a man and a woman .
neut	the teachers and the children are waiting for the same close out .
cont	the woman and four boys are swimming around the pool .
cont	man with a cow are located in the pond .
cont	a woman and woman carry their legs in a pond .
enta	a lady smokes some two children .
three indian boys in shorts play with one another .
neut	three boys are playing in a park .
neut	the boys are playing with their family in shorts
cont	the boys are sitting on a couch .
enta	some boys are playing with one another .
enta	three boys play with one another
enta	some boys are wearing shorts .
enta	three boys are wearing shorts .
neut	they are play before the game
neut	the boys are playing a game of their yard .
neut	the three boys are making for a big championship
cont	the girls will escape .
cont	the boys are playing video games
cont	some girls are playing outside .
cont	three boys are sleep .
enta	5 boys play with their blocks .
enta	kids are playing with one another .
enta	the kids have jackets .
neut	two soldiers are playing soccer together .
neut	the girls like to ride their tricks .
neut	the boys are playing with a band .
cont	the boys are throwing up the bus .
cont	five girls in white shorts plays with a group of people .
enta	there are two boys playing with each other .
a woman building herself a sand castle .
neut	the woman is a professional .
neut	the woman is in a sand castle with her family .
neut	the woman is a professional sand castle
cont	a woman is sitting on a couch .
cont	a woman is sleeping in a bed .
cont	the woman is cooking food .
cont	a woman is cooking sand .
enta	a woman doing some sand
enta	a woman is working on the sand .
enta	a woman looks at a sand castle .
neut	person is waiting for her friend
neut	a lady is taking her red sand castle .
cont	a guy is preparing a child with his family .
cont	the woman is sitting on the corner .
cont	a woman is taking a nap on the sand .
cont	a woman scuba in the ocean .
enta	the sand castle is being painted .
enta	a woman by herself
neut	a woman is looking at the branches for her wife .
neut	the woman is trying to do a fire sticks .
neut	a woman is blue before tile at the sand .
cont	the string are located in the mountains .
cont	a woman is standing with a fishing fishing .
enta	a woman is outside , cleaning the sun .
a little girl looking at a large boulder
neut	a girl is looking at a large large large large large large large large large
neut	a girl is looking at a large large large large large large large large large
neut	a little girl looking at a large large large large large large large large large
neut	a girl is looking at a large large large large large large large large large
cont	the girl is looking at a cat .
cont	a little girl is looking at a tv .
enta	a human looking .
neut	a girl is looking at the park
cont	the girls is sitting on the floor .
cont	the little girl is riding a sled .
cont	a little girl is standing on top of the moon .
enta	a child with the nose .
enta	a little girl is outside .
neut	the high girl is trying to get out of her .
neut	a girl keeps caught around of a large building .
cont	the girl looks at the table in the bedroom .
cont	a girl crawls on the floor .
enta	a girl looking at the large waterfall .
enta	the little girl is showing an way girl .
two firemen beside their fire engine .
neut	the firemen are taking a break from the fire fire .
cont	a cat is playing with a toy
cont	the men are sitting in a chair .
cont	two firemen are taking a break
enta	two firemen are outside with fire .
enta	there are two men .
enta	there is a vehicle .
neut	two firemen prepare to put out the fire in the mall .
cont	two firemen jumping rope at the park .
cont	firemen at home watching television .
cont	two firemen are running away from the fire .
enta	two firemen are waiting .
neut	the sun are bright black .
cont	the skydiver is driving down the street .
cont	two men are in a stationary platform , collecting .
cont	there of the fireman hand a car , and putting water .
enta	the construction workers are being served by a vehicle .
the little girl in the sand is handing a ball to one of the two black dogs .
neut	a girl just finished a ball to her dogs in the sand .
cont	two dogs play with a ball in the park .
enta	the girl is holding a ball to a dog .
enta	a girl in the sand
enta	the girl is playing with a ball to another dog .
enta	a little girl in the sand is playing with dogs .
neut	there is a girl playing a soccer game on her dogs .
neut	one dog is trying to play baseball .
neut	two children are trying to get their dog .
cont	a little girl is inside the shower .
cont	a man is throwing a baseball .
enta	someone is with a ball .
enta	the girl is spending the dogs while the other black dog .
neut	the little girl has just christmas playing in the sand .
neut	the little girl is a professional ball for an accident .
cont	a young girl dressed as dog at the man 's green dogs .
cont	a girl with her dog is resting the high
cont	the girl is running around the beach .
enta	a girl is playing with a ball .
enta	a little girl is playing a ball of one dogs .
two women on the dance floor with other people dancing .
neut	women dance in a band together .
neut	a couple of women dance to a crowd of people dance .
neut	the two women are dancing to a crowd of people .
cont	a man and a woman are dancing in a bar .
cont	two women dance on the street .
enta	there are two women dancing
enta	two women dance together .
enta	there are people dancing .
enta	two women are dancing together
neut	the women are dancing for a competition .
neut	two friends are performing their new dance floor .
cont	women and a woman are walking in the sand .
cont	the men are learning to play music .
cont	no one is dancing to the crowd .
cont	the woman and a man are sitting quietly in class .
enta	there are two women dancing
enta	two women being photographed with others on a piece of stripper
neut	people are watching some people said he instead .
neut	three women are performing for one of audience
neut	two women racing the dance floor outside .
cont	there are only women in a field watching people
cont	two woman playing golf outside .
enta	two women dressed on , people are holding up together .
a group of children enjoy their time on the beach .
neut	the children are playing on the beach
neut	the children are playing on the beach
neut	a group of children are playing at the beach for their parents .
neut	the children are playing in the sand at the beach .
cont	the children are swimming in the ocean .
cont	a group of children are sitting on a couch .
cont	kids are playing in a sandbox .
enta	children play on the beach .
enta	a group of children are enjoying their time together .
enta	there are children on the beach .
neut	the group of children work jumping in the sand at the beach .
cont	the children are riding a boat .
cont	kids stand up a beach at a park .
cont	the children are studying in the library .
enta	the kids were sitting around the water .
enta	the kids are outside watching a beach .
enta	some children play outside
neut	the kids are about to go in the cold .
neut	there are at least babies playing a sport game .
neut	the children are looking for train on the beach .
cont	a group of children are skiing down the beach
cont	the children are standing around a picnic picnic .
cont	the kids are sleeping in a field .
enta	there were children playing on the beach .
a man is throwing water on a woman in front of a brick building while two men and another woman watch .
neut	the woman is throwing a ball at the other men .
cont	the woman is throwing a football in the street .
cont	a man is throwing a ball at another man .
cont	the people are playing basketball .
enta	the people are outside .
enta	the people are outside .
enta	there are people in front of a building .
enta	a man and two men are throwing water .
neut	a man is showing his fear to a woman and his wife
neut	a man is preparing to hit a magic in an important ceremony .
cont	a woman eats water after a long school bus .
enta	a woman is holding a woman who is an adult
enta	the men are on a street .
enta	a man is making some water with a woman
neut	a man holds a woman as the sun window on it .
neut	the two men are out for the woman who is hitting .
cont	a man and woman are flying a kite .
enta	there is a woman helped a man in front of the roof .
enta	a woman and her men are outside playing .
enta	a man and a woman are playing with water .
two boys , one wearing green , the other in yellow , are playing with sidewalk chalk , drawing pictures on the ground .
neut	the boys are drawing for the pictures for the pictures .
cont	two boys play with a doll in the kitchen .
cont	two boys are in the kitchen eating
cont	the two boys are playing with a doll in the kitchen .
cont	the boys are sitting in the grass .
enta	there is a couple of people playing outside
enta	there are two boys playing .
enta	the two boys are outside
enta	the two boys are playing with a sidewalk .
enta	two boys play outside .
enta	two boys are playing outside .
neut	the two children were happy to see the ground .
neut	two boys are together for the first time .
neut	the two kids of the boys are all playing together .
cont	two boys are playing the piano at the gym .
cont	three boys are playing outside the living room .
cont	two girls are wearing green and black .
cont	boys and girl are walking along the street .
enta	two boys play a yard
enta	the boys were waiting outside .
enta	two boys play with a toy
enta	two boys are playing on the ground .
enta	a single person is outside playing with toys .
neut	children are seen during the game to their rivals .
cont	the little girl is all wearing any red .
cont	a animals are being dressed , and but their tattoos in green .
cont	the boys were wearing protective and blue , shirts .
enta	3 people are posing for a picture .
enta	boy and kids are standing outside playing .
enta	the boys are outside playing with top painted .
a man in a blue shirt is in a lab looking into a microscope .
neut	the lab is black .
cont	a man is looking at the sky
enta	a man is looking .
enta	the man is looking into a microscope .
enta	a man is looking at something .
enta	a man is in a lab .
neut	a sad man works in a lab
cont	a man in blue is watering the garden .
cont	he was looking at the stars in a field .
cont	the man is washing a car .
enta	there is a guy near a microscope .
enta	a man is showing his microscope in a microscope .
enta	a man looks out of a microscope in his lab .
neut	a sad man looking at an blood lab
neut	a man is looking at a microscope for his offspring .
cont	a man is reading a story with candy .
cont	a man is working in a barn eating .
cont	the man is painting a cat on the patient .
cont	a man is sitting down in his computer ,
enta	a man is looking at a microscope .
enta	a guy wears something like at a microscope .
enta	a man in blue reaches up a microscope .
a man walking by a cement column next to the sea .
neut	the man is walking to the store .
neut	a man is walking by the ocean to his girlfriend .
neut	the man is going to go to the store .
cont	a man is sitting on a couch .
cont	a man is swimming in the ocean .
enta	a man walks by the ocean .
enta	a man is walking outside .
enta	a man is walking by the ocean .
neut	a man trying to get to his wife on the water .
neut	a man is walking his dog home .
cont	a man is reading the newspaper
enta	the people walk by the water .
enta	man is walking by the ocean at the top of the sea .
neut	a man buys seen off to the beach .
neut	the painter is going to buy a plant .
neut	the man is on his way to a fire .
cont	the man is flying a bowling .
cont	a man and boy are walking along a mountain .
enta	a man walking next to some types .
enta	there are at least two foot other foot .
a man on a scenic canoe trip .
neut	a sad man on a fishing canoe is on a boat in a canoe .
neut	a man is going to a fishing ship .
cont	a man is riding a bicycle
cont	a man on a boat is on a boat
cont	the man on the boat .
enta	a man is on a boat
enta	a man on a boat in a canoe .
neut	a man takes a boat on a boat to the top of the mountain .
cont	a man in a boat sitting next to a kayak
enta	a man is on a boat .
enta	the man is taking a stroll on a canoe .
enta	a person is on the water .
neut	a man is doing a bike to help his speed .
neut	a man is going to get a boat with his side .
neut	a man paddling on the lake to get it .
cont	the man is jumping on a rail
enta	a man in safety holds a riding on a nature trail .
a smiling child is standing behind a tree .
neut	the child is smiling at the tree in the park
cont	the child is sitting on the couch
cont	the child is playing basketball .
enta	a child is smiling
enta	the child is outside
enta	a child is smiling and standing behind a tree
neut	the boy is holding his
neut	a child is visiting the park with his friends .
cont	the child is skiing .
cont	a boy plays with a ball at the park .
cont	a woman and a child go inside .
enta	a child is grinning at a tree .
enta	a woman stands by a tree
neut	a child is standing trying on wood and his friend .
neut	a boy held his person 's blue and standing up .
cont	a sad child is about to be a movie .
cont	the child is sitting down with it .
cont	a young child is sitting on a tree and do n't have any picture .
enta	a child is being measured by a tree .
an elderly woman in a crowd pushing a wheelchair .
neut	the elderly woman is at the park .
neut	the woman is a farmer .
neut	a woman is pushing a wheelchair to her home .
cont	the woman is sleeping .
cont	a man is sitting on a bench drinking coffee .
cont	a woman sits on a bench drinking a beer .
enta	there is a woman pushing a wheelchair .
enta	a woman is pushing a wheelchair .
enta	a woman is pushing a wheelchair .
enta	there is a woman pushing a wheelchair
neut	a sad woman is trying to get on a wheelchair
neut	a woman with her child ride a wheelchair to a store
neut	a woman getting her hair cut
cont	the woman is drinking a beer
cont	a woman is carrying an old man .
enta	a woman is talking on a wheelchair .
enta	an elderly woman on a wheelchair looks to get a wheelchair .
neut	a woman is crying because it is raining .
neut	an old woman kisses a white lap to the finish line .
cont	the woman is pushing a mans bus .
cont	a woman in a suit is watching a volleyball game .
cont	a woman never watches her eyes .
enta	there is a woman talking in the crowd .
enta	a old woman in a crowd leans against a wheelchair .
an old woman drinking water in a yellow room
neut	an old woman drinking water in her kitchen
neut	a woman drinking water in a yellow room with her friends .
cont	the woman is in the middle of the ocean .
cont	a woman drinking a beer in a restaurant .
cont	a woman is sitting on a bench
cont	the woman is sleeping in bed .
enta	an old woman drinking water in a room .
enta	the woman is drinking .
enta	there is a women drinking water
enta	there is a woman drinking water .
neut	the lady is blowing a fish down a dark yellow room .
neut	a woman in the yellow room drinking water from a long sunny day
neut	a woman is watering her house out .
cont	an old woman smoking a cigarette
cont	the women is crying on the floor .
cont	the woman is camping by the lake .
enta	an old lady in a yellow room
neut	the woman was going to eat a gift
cont	a young woman is blowing her wings in a brown room .
cont	a woman is swimming in a small red room .
cont	an old woman in a blue outfit sits next to a bed .
cont	a woman is drinking a cookie of brownies .
enta	an old woman stands and being used by a female .
a child slides into a wading pool full of water while an adult tosses a bucket of water on them .
neut	a child is playing with a white water fountain .
cont	the child was playing with a ball .
cont	a child is playing in the sand .
cont	the child is playing with a dog in the park
cont	a woman sits on a couch .
enta	people are water .
enta	a child is playing .
enta	the child is in a pool .
enta	a child is playing .
neut	a kid is learning how to swim
neut	the child is caucasian
cont	a child is building a snowman .
cont	the little child is not indoors .
enta	child at a pool .
enta	the child is playing in the water .
neut	a child with the bottle clothes is drilling in his mouth .
neut	the child is wearing a red sweater while the child looks on .
neut	a little child is getting ready to get a break .
cont	the child is crying at the exhibit .
cont	a child eats a dinner on the side of a small pool .
enta	a kid near is being hit by a water .
a gentleman in a striped shirt gesturing with a stick-like object in his hand while passersby stare at him .
neut	a gentleman is trying to get a picture
neut	a man trying to get to work
cont	a man is talking to his wife in a yellow shirt .
cont	a man is sleeping
enta	a gentleman is talking
enta	a man stands in a line .
neut	a sad man is pointing from a man in a striped shirt .
cont	one man is not making a call
cont	a man is singing an instrument by a fire .
enta	there is a man in stripes .
neut	a man is trying to get out of a building .
neut	a man dressed and traditional is going to sit in the street .
cont	a man is throwing a watermelon from another of them .
enta	a man puts at something in his hand .
enta	a man uses his hands in line .
a brown dog carries a long stick on the green grass .
neut	a brown dog carrying a stick in his owner 's park .
cont	a dog is sitting on a couch .
cont	a dog is sitting on a couch .
cont	a dog is on a bed .
enta	the dog is carrying a stick .
enta	a dog has a stick on it .
enta	the dog is carrying a stick .
neut	a person is having an family 's owner .
neut	the dog is free a stick .
cont	a brown dog is sleeping on the couch with a stick .
cont	a cat is chasing a cat down the hill .
enta	the dog has something in his hand .
neut	the boy is holding a stick that it opened
cont	the dog is running in the basement with a full string .
cont	a dog is sitting under a tree .
enta	a dog in a field , with a stick
a man sweeping in the street .
neut	the man is sweeping the street for a party .
neut	the man is a farmer .
neut	he is cleaning the street for fun .
cont	the man is sitting on the bench .
enta	a man is sweeping the street .
enta	there is a man sweeping the street .
enta	a man sweeping the street .
enta	the man is sweeping the street .
neut	a man in police man is sweeping a new city
neut	an artist is trying to cross the street .
neut	the man is sweeping up some people
neut	the man is a painter .
cont	the man is eating lunch on the bench .
cont	a man is in a living room .
cont	a man is watching tv in the living room .
enta	a man is sweeping through the street .
enta	the man is a man on a street .
neut	a man jumps in the middle of the street for new finals .
neut	a man throw a man out of the street because it climbed .
neut	a man is being conducted in the street by pedestrians .
cont	the man is in the sleep building .
cont	a man is jogging down the sidewalk
enta	a man is laid by street .
enta	there is a man out in the street standing .
a young woman wearing a black shirt and black shorts jumps in the air at the beach .
neut	the woman is playing in the sand
neut	the woman is at the beach with her friends .
neut	the woman is a professional inmate .
cont	a man is swimming in a pool .
cont	a man is playing basketball .
cont	the woman is wearing a blue shirt and shorts .
enta	a young woman jumps in the air at the beach at the beach
enta	the woman is jumping at the beach .
enta	a woman is wearing black shorts .
enta	a woman is jumping .
neut	a lady is jumping for mud on her wedding .
neut	a female in first race is wearing black shorts .
neut	a young girl is going jumping on a beach for her friends
cont	a girl is dancing in the streets .
cont	she is swimming laps in the ocean .
enta	the woman is on the beach .
neut	a young woman is bending a small beach .
cont	the woman is wearing a plain hat and singing .
cont	an old woman is riding a bike in the church .
cont	a young woman is wearing a striped shirt .
enta	a young woman is out in the beach .
elderly man painting a picture with a small paintbrush .
neut	a man paints a picture of a large large large large large child .
neut	a man is painting a picture of a large dog .
cont	a young man is painting a picture .
cont	the man is sleeping in his bed
enta	the man is painting
enta	a man is painting .
enta	a man paints a picture
enta	the man is painting .
neut	a man watches his wife paints her wedding .
neut	the grandfather looks at his painting of a large man .
cont	an old man is painting a tree .
cont	an elderly man is looking at a small camera .
cont	a man at the dentist at a funeral .
enta	an artist is under the tree .
enta	an elderly artist cutting up his .
neut	the father is posing , trying to take a picture .
neut	the man is in the art painting .
cont	the skateboarder is working on the bike trip .
cont	two elderly people stand at the art stove .
enta	multiple people are drawing in a little umbrella .
enta	a man is doing some painter .
a man and woman dance together .
neut	a man and woman are dancing in a band .
neut	a man and woman dance together for a concert .
cont	a man and woman are sitting on a bench in the park .
cont	a couple are sitting on a bench .
enta	the man and woman dance .
enta	a man and a woman dance .
enta	the man and woman dance together .
neut	several people dancing along the dance floor .
neut	a man and woman are getting married
cont	they are sitting at their office .
cont	the kids are playing basketball .
cont	the man and women are watching a movie .
enta	the people are doing something .
enta	a man is holding a dance performer with his dancing .
enta	there are humans dancing .
neut	a man plays on a song in front of another man .
neut	the man is being cared about by dancing
cont	a man and woman are sitting down .
cont	a man and woman are singing into a lake .
cont	a woman and her aunt are sitting at dinner .
enta	a man and woman are holding a dance .
a woman sits in a blue chair outside a brick house .
neut	a woman is sitting in a chair waiting for her husband to arrive .
neut	a woman sits next to a house to make a new york house
cont	a woman is standing in a chair
enta	a woman sits outside .
enta	the woman is sitting outside the house
enta	a woman is sitting in a chair outside a house .
enta	a woman is sitting outside .
neut	an elderly woman in a church .
neut	a woman is going to a restaurant .
neut	a woman waits for her ride
cont	a woman is sitting alone .
cont	a woman is having a picnic in the park .
enta	a woman is sitting
enta	the woman is sitting on the house .
enta	a woman is waiting outside .
neut	a elderly woman is seated at a book with their brooms .
neut	a woman is sitting on a church with their church .
neut	a woman is using a sharp house
cont	a woman is smoking a bullet in front of a small house .
cont	the waitress is working in a forest .
cont	a woman is swimming in a small house .
enta	there is a woman sitting outside with a building .
two children playing baseball at the park .
neut	the kids are friends .
cont	two kids are playing basketball
cont	two children are playing basketball .
cont	two kids are playing basketball in the park .
enta	the children are outside .
enta	two children playing .
enta	two children playing baseball .
enta	two children are playing baseball outside .
neut	the kids are learning their new sports match .
neut	two siblings play for the first time .
neut	two kids are trying to play the game in a game of yard .
cont	kids are running for the toy bike .
cont	the children are sleeping in the bed .
cont	the park is empty .
enta	two children are together outdoors .
enta	two people are in the park .
enta	a pair of children are breaking .
neut	children play outside with their living themselves .
neut	the children are in a red park .
neut	there is a serious of football game on the park park .
cont	there are two children playing basketball outside .
cont	two kids are in a school theme contest .
cont	two children are jumping into the lake .
cont	a pit of kids are playing basketball in a field .
enta	two people are playing baseball .
two men in uniform hold up sign with young children .
neut	the men are wearing yellow and white uniform .
neut	the men are wearing yellow and white clothing .
cont	the men are in uniform at the beach .
enta	there are two men holding a sign .
enta	two men hold up a sign
enta	people hold up sign sign .
neut	two sad men are at a bar .
neut	the two older men are praying .
neut	men in normal a hand of their children to work .
cont	boys are riding bikes .
enta	two guys and a young kids are outdoors .
neut	the two men are going for a crime show
neut	two men have hiked on the field .
neut	a large children poses for the round sign .
cont	they are taking a break .
enta	there are two men and the children taking apart their face .
a woman hanging the laundry outside .
neut	the woman is wearing a blue shirt
neut	the woman is wearing a blue shirt
cont	the woman is sitting on a couch .
cont	the woman is cleaning the floor
cont	a woman is sitting in a chair at the park .
cont	a woman is sleeping .
enta	a woman hanging out
enta	a woman hanging out with her laundry outside .
enta	the woman is hanging out .
enta	the woman is outside
neut	a maid is getting his way on the beach .
neut	a woman is about to fall in the grass .
neut	a young woman is hanging out on the laundry floor .
neut	a washing laundry is drying .
cont	the woman is sitting .
cont	girl sleeping on the kitchen
cont	a woman plays her dog at a park .
enta	a woman outside
enta	person out
neut	a woman with green arms is working on an orange mop .
neut	a young person tries to bed down the store
cont	a woman does not know some racks in her hands .
cont	the woman is running to the store .
enta	a woman is looking at the dishes outdoors .
enta	a woman is maintaining a backpack .
young brunette woman smiling in front of bushes .
neut	a young woman is smiling at her mother .
cont	the young woman is crying .
cont	a woman is crying .
enta	a woman smiling
enta	a person outside .
enta	a woman is in front of some .
enta	a woman is smiling
neut	a woman prepares for the first time in her room
neut	the woman with her friends is looking for her friend .
cont	a young woman is inside a bed .
cont	an old woman is wearing a black shirt .
enta	the women is standing .
enta	an african woman is behind a shirt
neut	a female in front of times plant using the yard to school .
neut	the woman is getting ready to go on the cold .
cont	the woman is swimming around doing
enta	a woman smiling at the nearby .
enta	the woman is smiling and standing .
a young man standing on a plank of wood and using a large saw to cut it .
neut	the man is cutting wood for his family .
neut	a young man getting ready to jump
cont	a man is swimming in the ocean
cont	the young man is sitting on the ground
enta	man standing on wood and machine
enta	a young man working on a scaffolding in wood and a large object .
enta	a man is standing near wood .
neut	a young man shows his his wife 's face .
neut	a young man is looking for something outside .
neut	the man is going to teach his friend .
cont	a guy is reading a book at home .
cont	a woman is performing a painting .
enta	a young man is outside the wood wall .
neut	a young boy is poking from the world exhibit .
neut	an engineer is looking at an object
neut	the sewing is found wood the stone .
cont	a young man sleeps in a contest .
cont	a young man dances the blue fabric of steel
enta	a young man is looking at something in a big .
the dude at the party is raging !
neut	a cowboy is trying to get to the ground .
neut	the party a party with a crowd at the party .
neut	the party with the party is a birthday party .
cont	the farmer is riding a bike .
enta	there is a man in the photo .
enta	a person is at a party
neut	a tall boy in the party
neut	a guy riding on a brown bow in a party .
neut	a man is late for an education education service .
cont	the man is sitting with his family
cont	a boy making a shower in a closet .
cont	a man looks at his party in a party .
cont	a man is waiting for a customer .
enta	that guy is on the ground .
enta	the person is celebrating .
enta	there is a man at the party .
neut	a guy is scared on the umbrella by themselves .
cont	a man is driving the taxi to a store .
cont	the girl is in a shower .
enta	a guy is catches a person in the group .
a rodeo clown finds it 's way in the action .
neut	a clown is performing a group of rodeo
cont	the clown is performing a trick in the park .
cont	the clown is eating a sandwich .
cont	the man is cooking dinner .
enta	there is a rodeo in a rodeo .
enta	the rodeo clown is being asked .
neut	the clown is a talented .
neut	a kid is excited to be a stick .
neut	the clown is a professional .
cont	a clown waves off the baton at the beach .
cont	a man is trying to make a speech at the concert .
cont	a clown is jumping her team .
cont	a man is diving off the ocean .
enta	a boy is in the picture
neut	a man is trying to win a competition .
cont	a guy is getting ready to perform a movie .
cont	it is a big rodeo cat .
cont	the dog is tying a bird in the middle .
cont	the canadian is floating on the carnival athlete .
enta	a clown is being helped by a rodeo .
enta	a man with an insect is moving .
a group of people walking arm and arm across the green grass .
neut	the people are at a park .
neut	the people are at a park .
neut	a group of people are going to a concert
cont	a group of people are sitting in a chair .
cont	a group of people are sitting on a bench .
enta	there is a group of people .
enta	there are people outside .
enta	a group of people are outdoors .
enta	a group of people are moving around .
neut	a group of people holding hands walking across the grass
cont	there are no 4 people running around .
cont	the person is sitting on the ground .
cont	no one is outdoors .
enta	something being taken .
neut	several people are walking outside by their business .
neut	they are going to go fishing at the grass .
cont	a group of people are sitting down in the beach with friends .
cont	the people are running through the green grass .
enta	a group of people in front of a nice surrounded .
a man wearing a green shirt is grinning at the computer screen with his hand on the mouse .
neut	a man is waiting for a computer .
cont	a man is playing a game of monopoly .
enta	a man wearing a green shirt .
enta	the man is looking at the computer .
enta	a man has a camera .
neut	a man works on his computer lab
cont	a man is reading
cont	a women is taking pictures of the man .
enta	a man is at the computer desk .
enta	the man is at the computer .
enta	the man is able to get on something .
neut	a person is looking at work math via the ceiling .
cont	the man is n't flying a red dress .
cont	a man runs through a huge cage of blood .
enta	a man is checking out the computer .
enta	a man is on top of a computer shot .
there is a large group of people in front of papa john 's restaurant .
neut	the group of people are waiting for the restaurant to arrive .
cont	the people are in a room .
cont	the group of people are sitting on a couch .
cont	a large group of people are sitting in front of a large group of people
cont	the group of people are sitting in a chair at the restaurant .
enta	some people are at a restaurant .
enta	there is a group of people .
enta	there is a group of people .
neut	a group is happy to be a good time at the restaurant .
neut	a large group of people are about to eat a carrot on the restaurant .
neut	the crowd are protesting .
neut	the group is on their way to a party .
cont	some people were not looking at something .
cont	the people are working in an office .
enta	there are a group of people gathering
enta	a group of people are holding a person .
neut	people are posing being horrible by a meal .
neut	a group of people are holding their umbrellas and one is black .
cont	a group of women are sitting at a bar .
cont	a group of people , had a member out of the restaurant .
cont	there are people in wheelchairs holding a large group .
cont	a priest in front of a group of people are alone .
enta	a group of people are enjoying a restaurant .
a policeman is directing a crowd of people walking .
neut	the policeman is the people 's child .
cont	the policeman is at a bar
cont	the policeman is watching a movie .
enta	the policeman is walking .
enta	the policeman is outside
enta	a group of people are walking .
neut	the people in the police are raised a group
neut	a policeman is teaching a class to a crowd .
cont	the police officer is taking a break .
enta	a crowd is near the others .
enta	a group of people are performing for a crowd .
neut	a uniformed gives is walking to get a dramatic performance .
neut	a cops is getting a backflip to ride .
cont	a few people standing at the concert .
cont	a boss is waiting on a stage .
cont	a teenager is playing chess inside a live .
enta	the policeman is waiting for a crowd of people .
enta	the firefighter is demonstrating a crowd .
a couple being romantic under the sunset .
neut	a couple are on a date .
cont	the couple are sitting in the grass eating lunch .
cont	the couple is eating at the restaurant .
cont	a couple are playing in a sandbox .
cont	two children are playing outside .
enta	a couple are on the sun
enta	there are people on the hill
enta	a couple is on the sun .
enta	a couple is in the sunset .
neut	the couple just got married .
neut	the couple are eating in front of the sunset .
neut	a couple are hugging to each other
cont	the couple are in the middle of the field .
cont	the couple sits alone
cont	everyone is swimming
enta	couple eating outside .
enta	the couple is near the sunset .
neut	the couple watches the view of band .
cont	a couple is not playing by their tent together .
enta	a couple is putting or contact
a group of people standing in front of a club .
neut	the people are waiting for the bus
cont	a group of people are sitting in front of a club .
cont	a group of people are sitting in a cafe eating lunch .
cont	the people are in a car
cont	a group of people are sitting in front of a club .
enta	a group of people standing in front of a club .
enta	the group of people are standing outside .
enta	the people are standing
enta	there are people standing outside .
neut	a group of people are on a national park .
neut	people celebrating in front of a club
neut	some people enjoy a club
cont	people are driving .
cont	people running through the forest
enta	many people stand around a club .
enta	the people stand in front of a club .
neut	the group of people are having a party for their next show .
neut	people are standing on their way for a night .
neut	people are standing outside the same time .
neut	some people are standing outside in front of the arena .
cont	there is a group of people sitting in front of a room .
cont	the people are driving in a show .
enta	the people in front of the group are outdoors .
two men pull a fishing net up into their red boat .
neut	two men are fishing in a lake .
cont	the men are sleeping on the boat .
cont	two women trying to catch a fishing net
enta	two men are fishing .
enta	a couple of guys are fishing with fishing .
enta	two men grab a fishing net out of the water .
enta	two men grab a fishing net out the net .
neut	two sad men in a boat with a fishing net .
neut	two men are trying to find out for the day
neut	some men are fishing in a boat and eating a net .
neut	two brothers are about to go fishing in the ocean .
cont	one woman was fishing
cont	three women are fishing .
cont	the men are sleeping on the couch .
cont	the men are playing checkers .
enta	the older men are active .
enta	men are outside
neut	the three men are drilling up some fishing .
neut	two men are fishing in the middle of a boat .
neut	two men are fishing in the river .
cont	the men are playing jump ball of hair .
cont	two men stand on the beach table .
cont	two men are taking a turn to cross .
enta	two men pose through a boat .
enta	several men are fishing with their head in catching .
enta	two men are being pulled a fishing boat .
a young man is pushing a lawn mower to mow the grass .
neut	the man is wearing a black shirt and shorts .
neut	a man is pushing a dirt dirt dirt dirt yard .
neut	a young man is pushing a lawn mower to buy .
neut	a man is pushing a dirt dirt dirt dirt yard
cont	a man drinking coffee .
cont	a young man is pushing a stroller into the grass .
cont	a young man pushing a stroller .
enta	the young man is pushing grass .
enta	a young man pushing grass .
enta	a young man is pushing grass .
neut	a man has access to his yard to go out of the yard .
neut	a man is using a tire tire to get his lawn .
cont	a man is holding an audience of his wife .
cont	the woman is running
cont	a man in the grass is eating an ice cream cone .
enta	a young man walks with a lawn mower .
enta	a man is pulling a exercise container .
neut	a young man is trying to make a lawn mop .
neut	a man is pushing the lawn on his lunch cart .
neut	a male clothes is floating high to pick up the lawn .
cont	a man is laying down a potato , watching yard .
cont	a young man is opening a plane by his tent .
cont	a young man is walking on the street .
enta	man is leaning another mower .
a pedestrian adjusting shoes and accessories .
neut	a young boy wearing shoes and toys
neut	the road is a day day .
neut	a man wearing shoes and toys and shoes and shoes and shoes
cont	the shot of the lines is a zombie .
cont	the man is at the beach
cont	a man wearing shoes and a dress is dancing .
enta	a man is wearing clothes .
enta	the shot was wearing clothing .
enta	a road wearing shoes and clothing are in a parking lot .
neut	the old used equipment for a job
neut	the woman is putting out the shoes .
neut	a japanese person is putting out the shoes of jewelry .
cont	a car passes out the .
cont	a single car is empty
enta	a ramp is idling outside .
neut	a janitor is juggling out a snow sculpture .
neut	a service shines on old new for change to make food .
neut	a person in the building of a city that parked .
cont	a man is being climbing by the highway .
cont	the team is swimming in the streets .
enta	a fabric is being held by a road .
a woman , viewed through a window , sits at a restaurant table and puts down a red shopping bag .
neut	a woman is shopping for a family .
cont	the woman is in the kitchen
cont	the dogs are outside .
cont	a woman is looking at a car .
cont	the woman is at the beach .
enta	a woman looks at a window in a restaurant
enta	there is a woman in a restaurant .
enta	a woman looks at a window in a restaurant table .
neut	a woman holding a bag of food at a restaurant .
neut	a woman with her shopping booth is waiting to go on .
cont	a woman is relaxing on the beach .
cont	a woman is watching a movie in her kitchen .
cont	a lady at the beach .
enta	a woman and a a bag and a bag .
enta	a woman in this picture is getting a food .
enta	someone is sitting at a grocery table .
neut	a woman behind the beer empty of a table .
cont	a woman tries to stop at the mall .
cont	the woman is examining a blue hat .
enta	a woman is hanging out with a sheet of furniture .
two dogs , one lying down , play in a yard .
neut	two dogs play in a yard with a ball in yarn .
neut	the dogs are playing in the park .
neut	two dogs play with a ball in the yard .
cont	two cats are playing with each other .
cont	the two dogs are fighting .
enta	there are two dogs in the yard
enta	there are animals in a yard .
enta	two dogs are in the yard .
neut	the dogs are playing fetch
neut	there are two brown dogs playing in the yard .
neut	two puppies chase the ball in the yard .
cont	the dogs are at the same a marathon .
enta	two dogs with one of them in a yard .
enta	there are dogs outdoor
enta	the dogs are outdoors .
neut	two dogs are trying to catch each other in a little field .
neut	the owner is about to play a baseball game .
neut	two dogs are coming through a horse type .
cont	the two dogs are sitting in a park .
cont	the two dogs are putting on a walk .
cont	the two bikers are running in the first place .
cont	two animals are running down street
enta	the two dogs are playing in a lawn .
a frightened boy is carrying a hammer , ready to defend himself .
neut	the boy is wearing a helmet .
neut	the boy is wearing a blue shirt .
cont	a woman has a hammer .
cont	a boy is sitting on a couch .
cont	a boy is sleeping in his bed .
enta	a boy carries a hammer and is holding a hammer .
enta	the boy is holding a hammer .
enta	a boy is holding a hammer .
neut	a boy with brown hair carrying a mallet is holding a rope .
neut	a little boy is being carrying by his son .
neut	a fat boy makes his teeth .
cont	a boy is holding an empty broken sticks .
cont	the boy is a good .
cont	the boy gets tossed in the pool .
cont	a boy is playing catch .
enta	a boy with a hammer is being held .
enta	a boy is delivering a hammer
neut	the boy is calling the german on .
neut	a boy is funny at donations the noise .
neut	a boy is standing with an old-fashioned sharp arrow .
cont	the boy is n't standing by their balance wings .
cont	the boy is hitting by a zombie place .
cont	a girl dressed in the chair holds a hammer .
enta	a young boy is being drawn by a pen .
enta	a boy is near two of the girl .
reflections of people walking in a big city .
neut	people walk to work in a city .
neut	the people are going to a party
cont	the people are sitting in the grass .
cont	there are no people walking in the city .
cont	there is a group of people sitting in a chair
cont	people are walking in a park .
enta	people walk in a city .
enta	people walk through a city in a city .
enta	there is more than one person .
enta	a group of people are walking in a city .
neut	the city square have people are hard .
cont	there are people running on the road .
enta	people are crossing the city .
neut	a man is walking on the neighborhood sidewalk .
neut	the people have a company on the way they a store .
neut	the people are walking in the street meeting .
cont	male just alone in the middle of the city .
cont	people are running around in the city .
cont	people are running through a home country .
cont	the people are at a hospital
enta	there is a group of people with an standing walking .
enta	people in a few sort walking through the city .
a group of four people conversing next to a bus
neut	a group of people are having a conversation about their day .
cont	the people are sitting on a bench .
cont	the people are sitting in a cafe
cont	a group of four people are eating dinner .
enta	four people are near a bus .
enta	a group of four people are talking .
enta	there are people outside .
enta	four people talking to a bus .
neut	a family is enjoying the bus on a road .
cont	the four men are drinking beer in a restaurant .
cont	the four people are sitting down and watching tv .
cont	four people are playing basketball .
enta	there are people listening to the bus .
enta	there are people talking .
neut	two people are enjoying their vacation with their hike .
neut	the people are cheering at the wedding for their friend .
cont	a group of people sitting down to play in a store .
cont	a group of people are riding a bike past by base .
cont	the three people are standing at the local beach .
enta	a group of people are enjoying some day .
enta	they are in front of a bus .
an older couple is resting on a bench .
neut	a couple gets ready to go to work .
cont	the couple is walking in the park .
cont	the couple is walking in the park
enta	the couple are sitting
enta	an older couple are resting .
enta	a couple is resting .
neut	the couple is conversing in their chairs .
neut	a couple is having a drink .
cont	an older couple is jumping on a trampoline .
cont	an escalator and a couple are talking to each other .
cont	a young couple is eating a sandwhich
cont	an older couple kissing
enta	two people outside .
enta	people are wet .
enta	the older couple on the bench .
enta	an older couple are on the beach .
neut	a old couple look on a bench towards the town .
neut	a old couple of having gotten time arriving .
cont	older people in church down dancing .
cont	a couple of young people are at the cafe dinner .
cont	six asian man is standing , watching others .
enta	the couple are at a bench .
various people shop at a street clothing sale .
neut	people buy a lot of items to their cars .
cont	the people are at the beach eating lunch .
cont	the people are sitting in a chair .
cont	the people are buying a car .
enta	the people are shopping
enta	people are buying something
enta	there is a group of people at a street clothing .
enta	a bunch of people are at a street shop at a street clothes .
neut	the people buy electronics .
cont	people are drinking in the kitchen .
enta	people are constructing a street .
enta	there are people in a street shop .
neut	a woman is checking to buy vegetables .
neut	the people are putting supplies to the finish berries .
cont	the group of people are sitting in the street while working .
enta	a group of people are working on the street .
a mountain biker rides up a hill on a red bicycle .
neut	a man is riding a mountain bike
neut	the biker is riding his bike to the store .
cont	two men ride bikes down the street .
enta	the biker is riding his bike
enta	the biker is riding a bike
enta	a person is on a bike .
neut	a biker racing down the hill of the hill .
neut	the biker on the bike is the first mountain bike .
cont	the mountain biker is walking through the field .
cont	a man is driving his car to a fire .
enta	a human riding
enta	the guy rides a bike on a hill .
enta	a mountain biker is moving on a hill .
neut	a bike drives on a mountain bike
cont	the competition biker is running down the sidewalk
cont	the biker is walking flying wearing cat .
enta	a biker is riding down the road .
a brunette woman is standing in front of a wall with graffiti .
neut	a woman is trying to get to the wall
neut	the woman is a model .
neut	the woman is a model .
cont	a woman is sitting in front of a wall .
cont	a woman is sleeping .
enta	a woman standing in front of a wall .
enta	the woman is standing in front of a wall .
enta	a woman is standing in front of a wall with graffiti
enta	a woman standing in front of a wall
neut	the blond woman is with a child .
neut	a woman is giving a speech to his friend .
neut	a woman has a red paint party .
cont	a blonde woman is knitting a sweater .
enta	there is a blond women sitting in front of a wall .
enta	the woman is not standing .
enta	there is an outside wall .
neut	a messy woman is standing past a wall with graffiti .
neut	a woman is shopping for easter on the wall .
neut	the old woman is receiving her iphone to get away .
neut	the women are at a secret model .
cont	a red-haired woman sits in front of a wall with graffiti on them .
cont	the man is holding a bag .
cont	a young woman laying in the park .
enta	a young woman standing in front of a wall
a young boy with blue shorts , at an indoor pool jumping into the water .
neut	a boy is playing at the pool with his friends .
neut	the boy is playing with his friends at the pool .
cont	the boy is sleeping .
cont	the boy is playing in the sand .
cont	the boy is sleeping .
enta	a young boy jumps into a pool .
enta	a boy is jumping into the pool .
enta	a boy is in a pool .
neut	the young boy enjoys the pool .
neut	a young boy jumping into the pool tries to climb into the water .
cont	the girls sits in their bed watching the sunset .
cont	the kid is eating at a restaurant .
cont	the boy is at a wedding .
enta	a young boy in shorts and upside into the water .
enta	the boy jumps into the water .
enta	the boy is outside the pool .
neut	a boy is looking at the water to splash .
neut	a child stares for the food at the pool .
cont	nobody is skilled for a small chair .
cont	the boy is in his classroom
cont	a little girl looks at the pool after he could to balance the water .
enta	a young boy does his crotch outside in the water .
enta	a young boy is looking at some water
a man standing up in a rowboat with a bird perched on the boat .
neut	the man is fishing on a boat
cont	a woman standing up in a boat .
cont	the man is sitting in the grass .
cont	the man is riding a boat
enta	the man has a bird .
enta	the bird is outside
enta	a man is standing on a boat
enta	a man is on a boat
neut	a man is working with his pet .
neut	a man is doing a backflip on the boat
neut	a man is on his vacation
cont	a woman sits on the boat .
cont	the man sat down .
cont	a man is riding a boat down a boat .
enta	the man is upright to the bird .
enta	the man is standing in a body of water .
neut	the man is an fishing way to catch a little .
neut	the accident is wearing a bird , so hat .
neut	the man is hunting for a younger injured .
cont	a man is riding a boat in the sand .
cont	the man is by the fireplace hunting .
enta	a man is seen up a boat .
a man cooking kabobs on a barbecue in his backyard .
neut	a man is making dinner for his family .
neut	a tall human cooking
neut	a man is cooking a meal for his friend .
cont	a woman is cooking food .
cont	the man is making a steak in his kitchen .
cont	a man is cooking dinner .
enta	there is a man in a backyard
enta	a man is in a backyard
enta	the man is cooking food on a barbecue
neut	a man is preparing to serve a meal for his family
neut	the man is making breakfast .
cont	a girl eating a sandwich
cont	a man in his mouth , with his wife .
enta	this man prepares to cook .
enta	the man is blowing a barbecue .
neut	a man is taking bread for the photo .
neut	a man is lighting a steak for the weather .
cont	a man is preparing to fix a dog .
cont	a guy is cooking with his fruit .
cont	a man is baking a cake .
enta	a man is using his bowl up .
enta	a man is using his teeth while a barbecue .
a brown dog leaps into water from a rock .
neut	a dog is playing in a lake .
neut	a dog is playing in a lake to catch a stick .
neut	a dog is playing fetch with a ball
cont	a dog is sleeping on the rock .
cont	a dog is chasing a cat .
cont	a dog is sleeping
cont	the dog is playing fetch with a stick .
enta	a dog is in water .
enta	a dog is jumping into water .
enta	the dog is in the water .
neut	a dog jump into the rock to get his feet in the water .
neut	a dog is the best of the water .
neut	the brown dog is a master .
neut	a dog is preparing to go swimming .
cont	the dog is napping .
cont	a dog is resting on the beach with his friends
cont	a dog lays after bed inside .
enta	brown dog is outside .
enta	the dog is running around .
enta	a brown dog is on the water
enta	a brown dog is playing outside .
neut	a mountain brown dog is bringing out of the water .
neut	a dog has spent a little can play .
neut	a big dog is jumping back to see its toy .
cont	a dog has a green hole in front of him .
cont	a dog is taking a shower .
enta	a dog is jumping into a rock .
enta	a dog and another dog are jumping into the water .
enta	a dog is jumping across a rock .
man relaxing on a bench at the bus stop .
neut	a man waiting for the bus to go to work .
cont	a man is sitting on a bench in the park .
cont	a man is riding a bike in the park
cont	the man is riding a bike .
enta	a man is outside .
enta	a man on a bench .
enta	a man on a bench .
neut	a man is carrying his car home .
neut	a man standing on a bench trying to get to his job
cont	the man is laying home into the bus .
enta	a man is sitting down
enta	man on a bench is waiting for a bus .
enta	the man is looking at something .
enta	a man is drinking at a bus stop .
neut	a man struggles to evade a place on the bus ride .
neut	a man is examining a bus ride to see .
cont	the man is taking a break from climbing .
cont	a man and guys are running through the bus station .
enta	a man always at the bus stop .
enta	a man is cooking in a bus .
enta	man is going up a bus vehicle .
young female in striped shirt holding baby boy with red striped outfit
neut	a young woman holds her baby
cont	the girl is holding her baby in the car
cont	a man in a red shirt holds a baby with a boy .
enta	a young woman is holding a baby .
enta	a woman is wearing a shirt
enta	a woman is holding a baby .
enta	the female is holding her child .
neut	a mother holding her baby in a competition .
neut	a young girl is holding her daughter
cont	a man is alone asleep
cont	a young girl is getting her hair cut by a tree .
enta	a woman holding her child
enta	the woman is holding a kid .
neut	the child is being filmed by someone in a band .
neut	the girl is performing in the middle of a crowd .
cont	a naked young man is being followed by the boy .
cont	a young woman dancing in a chair with red .
cont	the father is reading a book .
enta	a young woman in grey shirt and has a tattoos on .
two black dogs are frolicking around the grass together .
neut	the dogs are chasing each other .
neut	two black dogs are playing with each other in the grass .
neut	two dogs are chasing a ball .
neut	two dogs are playing with each other .
cont	two cats are playing with each other .
cont	the dogs are sitting on the couch .
cont	two dogs are sleeping
enta	there are dogs in the grass .
enta	a pair of dogs are playing in the grass .
neut	dogs are chasing a ball in the grass
neut	dog in the dog play with the ball on the grass .
cont	the two black dogs are fighting over the grass .
cont	the black dogs run through the field .
cont	dogs are laying down .
enta	two dogs are bent on the grass .
enta	two animals are outdoors .
neut	a large dog jumps along the grass of their owner .
cont	two dogs are sleep sitting in the grass .
cont	the dogs were flying across the highway .
cont	all the dogs are swimming with the string .
enta	two dogs walk on the grass
a child is looking at some colorful dresses .
neut	a child is looking at his child
neut	a child is looking at the wedding dress .
cont	the child is eating lunch .
enta	a child is looking at the dresses .
enta	a child is looking at lipstick dresses .
neut	a child is showing off a new dress
neut	the kid is posed for his family
cont	a child is painting .
enta	the child points outside .
enta	the kid is hanging out .
neut	a child is looking at interest karate .
neut	the child is looking up to wear he built .
cont	a child bites her living hot chocolate .
enta	a child is looking at the dresses .
a group of schoolgirls are standing together while one is taking pictures .
neut	a group of girls are taking pictures of a group of children .
neut	a group of girls are standing together in a park .
neut	a group of girls are taking pictures of the ocean
cont	a group of people are watching television .
cont	the people are sitting in a chair
cont	the people are sitting in the grass .
enta	there is a group of children standing .
enta	some people are standing together next to each other .
neut	the boy takes a picture of the kids
neut	there are boys gathered in a park .
cont	a girl was watching tv .
cont	three guys and boys are walking along the beach .
cont	some girls are watching a movie .
enta	five boys pose for a picture .
enta	a group of young boys with their heads are taking pictures .
enta	girls are looking around
neut	the africans are observing participate
neut	a group of staff attempt to take pictures of a family .
neut	a group of teenagers are waiting for someone to look at the reception .
cont	one group of boys in a field are blue .
cont	a biker gets his boss a game of other cars .
enta	there are people in the evening .
lady standing outside a building talking on her cellphone .
neut	a lady is talking to her friend .
neut	the lady is talking to her husband .
neut	a lady is talking to a friend .
neut	the lady is talking to her husband on the phone .
cont	the lady is standing on the ground , drinking a beer .
enta	lady standing outside is talking on her phone .
enta	a lady is talking on her phone .
enta	the lady is talking on her phone .
neut	woman talking to her husband
neut	the lady waiting for her friend .
cont	the lady is sitting .
enta	a young woman is talking on her cellphone .
enta	a woman makes on her phone .
enta	a lady is on the phone .
neut	a lady is being measured by a great student .
cont	a lady sits in mall 's own bike .
cont	a man holding cellphone is walking on a wall .
enta	a lady is standing with the cellphone on her cellphone .
enta	a woman is standing by a building with her phones .
two men in shorts hang out at the beach .
neut	the two men are playing on the beach
neut	the two men are friends .
neut	two friends are playing on the beach .
cont	two women are playing volleyball
enta	men at the beach
enta	two men at the beach
neut	the men were wearing shorts and playing .
cont	the men are shopping
cont	two women are taking in the sand .
cont	the men have nothing in playing on .
enta	two men are on a beach .
enta	men in shorts walk the beach
neut	the men are getting ready to go out of the beach .
cont	two men at the beach were playing in school .
cont	the men are unhappy for a bus .
cont	two men wear skirts and were dancing at the sky .
enta	two men are walking in the beach .
enta	two people sit at the beach .
a man plays mini-gold on the sportscenter set while two others observe .
neut	a man plays with a ball .
neut	a man plays with his friends .
neut	the man plays with his friends .
neut	the man is playing with a friend .
cont	a man plays with his friends on the ground .
enta	the man is on a game .
enta	the man is playing a game of two other people .
enta	a man is playing .
enta	a man is playing a game of two other people
neut	a kid has the books of the others .
neut	a man is playing with his friends while playing a guitar .
neut	a man plays his new gig on the beach
neut	a man is making a sword in the air to help people .
cont	a woman plays with the purple bear .
cont	the man is sleeping in the shade .
cont	a woman watches the man from a stream of four wheeler .
enta	a man is the other people play .
enta	a man is using skills .
neut	the man is playing a guitar for the others .
neut	two men are performing for extra of test .
cont	the man is drinking inside a table .
cont	the man is running , playing a game of bees .
cont	the man is playing basketball on a city street .
cont	a woman is hitting a water paint .
enta	a man playing with others on the video game .
a man in black reading a book for a group of people .
neut	a man reads a book to his wife at a party .
neut	a man is reading a book in the park .
cont	a woman is reading a book .
enta	a man in black is reading a book
enta	a man is reading
enta	a man is in a black outfit .
enta	people reading
neut	a man reading about a book for a speech .
neut	the man is making a book for a new fair .
cont	there is a man eating dinner with friends .
cont	a man is running through the park .
cont	a man rides a skateboard past the lake .
enta	the man is looking at the person .
enta	there is a man in a black shirt .
enta	a man on a book reading a book
enta	two people are posing
neut	a man is about to go into the woman 's business .
neut	there are two people in a bookstore meeting .
neut	a person is reading model something to a fair .
cont	a man in black runs with a group of people around the building .
cont	a man is n't being a child .
cont	a man with a pink skirt stands by a group of people .
cont	a man is taking a picture of the road .
enta	a man is hanging a book .
enta	the man has four people out of an activity .
men walk in line carrying things .
neut	the men are walking in line to get to the store
neut	the men are wearing shirts .
cont	a group of men are sitting on a bench .
cont	there are men running in a race .
enta	men are walking in line .
enta	the men are walking
enta	men walk in line and walking in line .
enta	men walk in line and walking
neut	men walk in line to get to the beach .
neut	a man walking along a street with some people around it .
cont	no one is walking on the road .
cont	dog chases after man running in line
cont	men are shopping for ice cream .
enta	several men are walking together .
enta	the men are walking in a line .
neut	men in the trunk of traffic past by .
cont	some men are resting in their hands .
enta	a crew is outside , with the men .
two indian men are dancing in suits with an indian woman in a colorful dress behind them by a brick wall .
neut	the people are at a wedding reception .
neut	two men are dancing in a bar
neut	the women are in a parade .
neut	the women are in a meeting .
neut	the people are at a wedding
neut	the men are at a dance festival .
neut	the two men are dancing to music .
cont	two indian men are dancing with a black man .
cont	the people are sitting in a chair .
cont	two men are sitting on a bench
cont	two indian men are dancing in a bar
cont	the women are in the middle of the ocean .
cont	the men are sitting on a bench
enta	two people are dancing
enta	there are two people in this picture .
enta	two people are dancing .
enta	a woman is dancing
neut	two men discuss to qualify at a indian fair .
neut	a group of men perform their local dance routine .
neut	the men are enjoying themselves in a parade .
neut	two old dancers at a wedding .
neut	the gentlemen were wearing a dress and a dress is performing in a big crowd
cont	no one is wearing red and riding a red dress .
cont	two old women are cooking .
cont	two men are swimming .
cont	the women were lifting a flag .
enta	the men are having the dancing
enta	two men on a brick wall together
neut	a women dressed in formal clothing are dancing to the asian lady .
cont	the man is leaving and pulling money on the wall .
cont	the asian men are visiting a circus .
cont	two men drive onto a brick wall .
cont	a men eating off a woman
cont	a muslim woman is robbing yoga reading .
enta	a man is ladies stand near a wall .
a old man sells hardware parts on a dirty sidewalk .
neut	a man is selling a parking lot .
neut	the old man is selling the parking lot .
neut	a man is selling a lot of money on a green sidewalk .
neut	the man is selling the parking lot .
cont	old man is selling a car .
cont	a man is selling a car .
cont	the old man is eating a sandwich .
cont	a young girl sells a pizza
enta	a man is selling wares on the sidewalk .
neut	the old man is window up the last home .
neut	an old man is taking a break from work
cont	an old lady in a dress and shops .
cont	the old man in a dress .
cont	a man relaxes his man in a church .
cont	the person is making pretzels .
enta	there is an old man in a street .
neut	the man is outside relaxing wearing pants .
cont	the man is passing a car in the mountains .
cont	the woman is wearing a reflective skirt .
enta	a man is enjoying some of equipment .
enta	a man is playing with a work thing .
a young man in jogging slacks is checking information on his mobile devise while listening to something on a crowded commuter rail car .
neut	the man is a construction worker .
neut	the young man is a very good interesting .
neut	a young man working on his computer is working on his novel .
cont	a young man is riding a bike .
cont	an old man on a bench .
cont	a young man is sitting in a car in his car .
cont	a young man is sitting in a car
cont	a young man is sitting on his couch at home
cont	the man is riding a bicycle .
cont	a man is riding a bike
enta	a person is on a crowded street .
enta	the man is moving around .
neut	a sad man is taking a walk in the city .
neut	a man is taking his lives to work on his project .
neut	the happy man is driving a train to work .
neut	a man talking to his friends .
neut	a young man takes a break from work .
neut	the male driver is discussing politics .
cont	the young man is wearing a suit .
cont	the man is sitting in a midst car getting off the bus .
cont	the man swims in the ocean .
cont	the man fell off the subway .
cont	the woman is swimming in the ocean
cont	a woman shopping for cars on the bus .
cont	a man is in a store .
enta	a man walks through a busy bus
enta	he is having a conversation .
enta	the young man is waiting by a busy bus .
enta	a man works on a crowded train passengers .
enta	a young man lies work .
enta	a man is at work
neut	a young man is at his favorite 's carrying toy .
neut	a young man is looking for his turn
neut	the man is about to tag his new novel .
neut	the man is explaining cartwheels while driving the broken wagon .
cont	the old man is alone , riding on a bus .
cont	the person is not breaking release on the highway .
cont	a boy is falling asleep on the couch .
cont	the bat was doing out of a traffic vehicle .
cont	the man runs up his dry vehicle on a highway
cont	a man is taking a bite while sitting on a date .
enta	a young man is wearing a safety uniform .
enta	a man is using a busy busy car .
enta	a man changes people on his platform .
enta	there is a boxes covering in the street .
three children play on the grass under a multicolored umbrella and wearing rainbow colored outfits .
neut	the children are playing with a toy in the grass .
neut	the children are playing in the park .
cont	three children are sitting on a couch .
cont	a group of children are playing on a beach in a field .
cont	three children play video games .
enta	children are outside .
enta	children are playing outside
enta	children are playing .
neut	the grass is green
cont	three young children are wearing blue outfits .
cont	three children are running on the park .
cont	kids are sitting in the bleachers .
enta	kids are outdoors
enta	there are children in the picture
neut	the children are learning how to go and go to the field .
neut	four children are having a picnic fight
neut	the parade of kids are getting ready to fight .
cont	four children are sitting by the umbrellas .
cont	two children are racing at the moon .
cont	two children are playing hide in the gym .
cont	the children are all falling out in front of a fire .
enta	three children are playing in the grass .
a man wearing a white shirt is playing the drums .
neut	the man is playing drums for a crowd .
neut	the man plays the drums for a crowd .
neut	the man is playing a song on the drums .
cont	a man is sleeping .
cont	the man is playing the piano for a crowd of people .
enta	a man is playing the drums .
enta	a man wearing a white shirt is playing the drums .
enta	the man is playing the drums
enta	a man is wearing a shirt .
neut	a shirtless person is playing drums at the same time .
neut	a musician is performing the drums for the crowd .
neut	a man is playing a drums for a crowd
cont	the woman plays the drums .
cont	the male wearing a black shirt is eating lunch .
cont	the man is eating in a car .
enta	the man is playing the drums .
enta	a man plays the drums .
enta	a male is playing music
enta	a man is playing the drums
neut	a man is playing a song while others are watching .
neut	a boy is trying to get a duet .
neut	a sword given out to tackle his talents .
neut	a small man is playing a horn metal guitar .
cont	the man is rapping a large guitar .
enta	a man and his hands is playing the drums .
enta	the guy is playing the drums with instruments .
a bearded man takes a nap .
neut	a bearded man takes a break from his friends are sleeping
neut	the man is taking a nap on the couch .
cont	he is sleeping on the floor .
enta	the man has a hat .
enta	a man is taking a nap
enta	the bearded man is sleeping .
neut	a man is trying to find his son .
neut	a tall human working
cont	the man is asleep in the kitchen .
cont	a bearded man is watching television
enta	a man is having an instrument .
neut	the man is trying to cook his coffee in .
cont	the man is moving down a pathway .
cont	a man is eating a tantrum .
cont	a man is offering a plane into the highway .
enta	a person is wearing a friendly , but bare .
in a field of tall grass , a small girl feeds a larger boy a bite of some type of food .
neut	the boy was happy .
neut	the girl is eating a sandwich
cont	the girl is playing with her cat .
cont	the girl is running in the park with her son .
cont	the girl is playing with her cat
enta	the girl is eating
enta	a girl is eating .
enta	the small girl is eating food
enta	a girl is eating
neut	a girl is preparing a boy to the dog
cont	the field is blowing a woman
cont	the boy is near a dog .
cont	the little girl is hitting his brother
cont	a boy is swimming by the pool .
enta	a small girl with a boy and a younger lady is cooking food .
neut	a kid is helping his boy who play .
neut	a girl and girl are selling fruit and goldfish .
cont	the child is riding a dog as they see .
cont	there is a group of dogs in a field .
cont	a boy is pushing his son out on her beach .
cont	a girl 's young boy is alone on the wooden field .
enta	a girl is wrapping a bite with food .
enta	a young girl is near a lot of food .
a boy plays in the surf .
neut	the boy is playing with friends .
neut	a boy is playing in the water on his way to the ocean .
cont	a boy plays in the sand
cont	the boy is playing in the sand .
cont	the boy is inside
enta	a boy is playing in the water .
enta	a boy is playing in the water .
enta	a boy is playing .
enta	boy playing on the beach .
neut	the boy is a husky retriever .
neut	a boy is learning how .
neut	a boy is about to make his first time in the water .
cont	a girl swings a blue jump .
cont	a young girl in a bathing suit .
enta	some people are playing outside .
enta	someone is being wet .
neut	a boy is dressed in his pants and skipping .
neut	the boy is playing bad with the boy in his boat .
cont	her boy is playing baseball on the beach .
cont	boy watching the fireman play on tv .
cont	a boy is playing with a blocks to get dry .
enta	the boy is playing with the body of water .

