a man in his own world of him and his music just entertaining on the street corner .
8-150-2
neut	a man is wearing a black shirt
cont	the man is in a room .
cont	a man sits on the bench
enta	the man is performing for a crowd .
enta	the man is playing music on the street .
enta	a man in his eyes is being held by a man .
8-150-4
neut	a man likes the music on his mom
neut	a man is playing the guitar on a street corner .
cont	the man has no hats .
cont	a man and his wife are standing on the street .
enta	a guy with their music about to his instruments .
enta	an musician is performing on the street .
8-150-8
neut	it 's a sunny day
cont	a woman running around the park .
cont	the man is in a room watching television .
enta	a man is making music .
enta	a man is ready up at the street corner .
8-150-16
neut	the man is a man setting his musical performance .
cont	a man is running past another .
cont	a man does n't have his eyes closed by a car .
cont	a man is riding his motorcycle through the woods .
cont	he watches tv in a bar .
enta	a man is with his instruments on a city street .
enta	the people near the street are playing music .
8-150-32
neut	a man is nervous to impress an advertisement while standing on the street .
neut	a man in a yellow scottish american musician is having the music .
cont	the crowd runs away from the sky on the street corner .
cont	the women sees a relaxing corner to the next home .
enta	there is a man keeping their instruments on the street
8-150-147
neut	the man is performing for a festive show .
cont	the man is not playing an awesome routine .
cont	a man is giving away the sound on a skateboard .
cont	the man is teaching his football not a woman .
enta	a man is outside playing music .
6-150-8
neut	an elderly man is performing in his music .
neut	an elderly man playing music on the street
neut	an old man in his musical is outside
cont	the dog plays with the piano all .
cont	the men riding in the street is empty .
cont	the men were playing in the is watching
enta	an performs in the street is a man
enta	a human is working on the street corner outside
7-150-8
neut	the tall man is resting .
neut	the two men walk on their last performance .
cont	a woman is dressed in a t-shirt playing .
cont	the singer is in an office all day .
cont	a child has his eyes on in bed .
cont	a lady is walking with his truck .
enta	an adult looks through a street course .
9-226-8
neut	the man is using his guitar
neut	a man is at a concert together .
cont	the man is running a marathon
cont	a man sleeps in his bed
cont	a man is washing his car in his house .
cont	the man has no covering and is singing in front of a crowd .
enta	a man is hanging out on the street .
enta	a man is outdoors
a woman wearing a white baseball cap purple coat holding a poster .
8-150-2
neut	a woman holding a poster for her mother .
neut	a woman is holding a poster for her mother .
neut	she is waiting for her husband to arrive .
neut	the woman is a farmer .
cont	a woman holding a cat .
cont	a woman wearing a red hat holding a poster
cont	a woman wearing a red hat is holding a poster .
cont	a woman is wearing a green coat .
enta	a woman is wearing a hat .
enta	a woman is holding a poster .
enta	the woman is wearing a hat .
enta	a woman is holding a poster and holding a poster .
8-150-4
neut	a woman holding a protest sign outside .
cont	the woman has a red baseball cap .
cont	the women is holding a bag of water .
cont	a woman is holding a dog and a cat .
enta	a person in a coat is holding a poster .
enta	a woman is wearing a white cap and a white cap .
enta	a woman is wearing a coat .
enta	a woman is wearing a white coat and a white cap
8-150-8
neut	the woman is james .
cont	the man is jogging .
cont	a boy shoots a pack of people in the backyard
cont	the man is wearing an orange coat .
enta	the woman is holding a poster
8-150-16
neut	the lady is recovering from a gift to her a baseball game .
neut	a girl is celebrating the poster .
cont	the frame is black and green .
cont	woman wearing a dress gets ready to go on the sidewalk .
cont	she is eating a hot dog .
enta	the woman is holding a artwork .
enta	a woman is holding a present of a dress .
8-150-32
neut	the women gets ready to wear white folk balls .
neut	a woman is crafting a shoe for her party .
neut	a sad woman wearing a white cap has a poster with each other
neut	the woman is holding a friend a one tie .
cont	a woman is signing a baby dance .
enta	a bouquet child wearing clothes is getting him to display .
enta	a woman in a baseball cap missed a poster .
8-150-147
neut	a woman is holding a picture and just tackled .
neut	the woman is selling off a picture .
cont	a woman is holding a puppy inside of a friend .
cont	a woman hugging a picture in the monkey costume .
enta	a woman is wearing a white and white baseball .
enta	there is a woman wearing a white and yellow sweater .
enta	the woman is holding a pink and white vest .
6-150-8
neut	the women just got done the same shirt
neut	the lady holding the poster to people
neut	the women just got done the poster 's sign
cont	the man stands in the middle of grass .
cont	the guy stands in the middle of his house
enta	the lady dressed in white is wearing purple .
7-150-8
neut	a person is taking a picture near the wall
neut	a woman is giving a performance outside .
neut	a business poster takes around in a store .
cont	the young woman is sitting inside a library room outside .
cont	a woman looks at by the wall
cont	everyone is playing a saxophone on stage
enta	someone is being photographed a wall of clothes
9-226-8
neut	a woman does a flip to swing her face .
neut	a young woman is standing in front of the police officers
cont	a man is holding a bag .
enta	a female is holding an umbrella
person doing a trick on a skateboard in a skate park while people watch .
8-150-2
neut	the person is riding his skateboard in a competition .
neut	the people are watching a game .
cont	the person is riding a bike in the park .
cont	a person is sleeping
cont	a person is riding a bike
enta	someone does a trick on a skateboard .
enta	there is a person in a skate park
enta	a person is riding a skateboard
enta	a person is doing a trick on a skateboard
8-150-4
neut	a skateboarder is about to take a trick for a competition .
neut	a man performs a trick on a skateboard .
neut	a skateboarder is receiving the competition to his friend .
cont	person riding a bike .
cont	person running on the street .
enta	a skateboarder rides a skateboard
enta	a person is skateboarding .
enta	a person doing a trick on a skateboard .
enta	a person doing tricks .
8-150-8
neut	a skateboarder is preparing for a skateboard competition
neut	the skater did a trick on the skateboard .
cont	the person is inside of a church .
cont	the man is sleeping on the couch .
cont	no one is standing up to watch a movie .
enta	the person is performing a trick .
enta	someone is on the skateboard
enta	the skateboarding is riding a skateboard .
8-150-16
neut	the person is about to throw the trick
neut	the person without skateboard for the trick .
cont	the man is on a bike
cont	the person is taking a swim on their skateboard .
cont	the biker is laying down with no one
enta	person doing art
enta	a person jumping on his skateboard .
8-150-32
neut	the man is a professional biker .
neut	someone is doing tricks for money on a skateboard .
cont	only the turn dog is riding a wheel .
enta	a person of people is riding a skateboard .
enta	the skateboard is traveling towards the skate park
8-150-147
neut	the person is on a very park park .
neut	a person tries for a trick 's face on .
neut	the water style is full of karate tricks .
cont	the lone driver is practicing 's serious solo .
cont	a person is eating lunch with a man .
enta	a photo of people are going to skate .
6-150-8
neut	the man does a trick on his skateboard .
neut	the snowboarder was skateboarding on the a skateboard .
neut	the boy has a skateboard on his skateboard
cont	the man was riding his bike in the
cont	the boy was riding his bike 's inside
enta	the human does a trick on his skateboard .
enta	this 's a skate park with people watch
enta	the kid was skateboarding in front of people
7-150-8
neut	a boy is taking energy for an audience .
neut	a male people are getting ready at the park .
cont	a person is resting down for a walk .
cont	three athletes are practicing the world mountain .
enta	a person has their a skate .
enta	a person is playing outdoor jumping .
9-226-8
neut	person doing tricks for an old dog
neut	the person with the ramp is doing a skateboard .
cont	skateboarder kids throw trash at the crowd .
cont	the person is on the train on the tour .
cont	a person is sleeping on the bus .
enta	a person is skateboarding on the skateboard .
enta	a person doing their skateboard tricks .
enta	a person is doing his skateboard
people dressed in costumes walking down a street .
8-150-2
neut	there are people walking to the store .
cont	everyone is wearing a dress .
enta	people walk down a street .
enta	a group is walking down the street .
enta	there are people in the street .
enta	there are people walking .
8-150-4
neut	people dressed as a woman .
neut	people dressed for the wedding .
neut	young people walk down the street to the park .
cont	the people have no clothes .
cont	people are sleeping .
cont	people are at the park .
enta	people dressed in costumes are outside
enta	people are walking
8-150-8
neut	people dressed up having fun in the city .
neut	two people are walking to work
neut	people are shopping for a friends
cont	couple alone in church .
cont	people relaxing in the pool .
cont	there are people dancing in a bedroom .
enta	there are people in costumes .
enta	there are people dressed .
8-150-16
neut	couples outside is walking up a snowy country .
neut	the bride in women dressed in costumes for their own event .
neut	people working in bikinis
cont	people gather in line to play soccer .
cont	some people do not ride horses .
enta	people are outside walking down the street .
8-150-32
neut	people in costume are getting ready to be walking down the street .
neut	it where going where to work a new street .
cont	two people walk in a library by carrying their backpacks .
cont	people dressed for an african orthodox by the lake .
cont	they are partying and waiting on the bus .
cont	people are wearing masks and sitting in a parade .
enta	people walking in pavement .
8-150-147
neut	a group of people are going to a concert .
neut	all people walking down the street in a store .
cont	some people in formal a yo-yo art gather .
cont	people sit at a cafe .
cont	no one is looking at the palace .
enta	people dressed in costume are walking down a street .
6-150-8
neut	the men dressed in costumes are a couple
neut	the couple dressed in costumes are a couple .
cont	the kids were playing in the grocery store
cont	the kids were playing in the living room .
cont	the boy walks in the middle of his house
cont	an old man wearing costumes in a car
enta	the couple wearing costumes are walking down a street .
7-150-8
neut	the men are walking on the road
neut	a family is building a tall street
cont	a large crowd is flying in space .
cont	the two was laying down in the highway .
enta	the dressed asian is walking with one another
9-226-8
neut	people are dressed as a parade with soccer costumes .
neut	people are walking in the street looking at the show .
neut	the people are wearing makeup hats
cont	people in blue hats are shopping for dinner .
cont	there is only one man and his kids are sitting .
cont	people are wearing soccer color
cont	people laying down on the beach .
enta	people are dressed up outside outdoors .
enta	people are walking with a little walking outside .
a skateboarder glides down a railing of some stairs .
8-150-2
neut	a skateboarder is doing tricks on the stairs .
neut	a skateboarder is doing a trick for a competition
neut	a skateboarder is doing tricks .
cont	a man is riding a bike down the stairs .
enta	a skateboarder is doing a trick on a railing
enta	a skateboarder is doing a trick .
8-150-4
neut	a man is a professional skateboarder
cont	the skateboarder does not have a skateboard .
cont	a skateboarder sits on a ledge .
enta	a skateboarder does a skateboard .
enta	a skateboarder is doing a trick .
8-150-8
neut	skateboarder is playing at a circus .
neut	a skateboarder doing tricks for a band .
neut	a skateboarder is doing a stunts for the job .
neut	an skateboarder does tricks for a crowd .
cont	the man is skiing .
cont	the skateboarder is standing in front of the stairs .
cont	the skateboarder eats a long time
enta	skateboarder is doing something on the stairs .
enta	someone is riding a skateboard down a stairs .
8-150-16
neut	the skateboarder is racing
neut	the skateboarder is using his skateboard to make food .
neut	a skateboarder makes sure to be is going for a walk .
neut	the skateboarder does a flip from his skateboard .
cont	a skateboarder runs up the stairs
cont	a car on the railing he is tired .
cont	a skateboarder is sitting on the steps .
enta	the person is outside looking down
enta	a skateboarder attempts to look in some stairs .
enta	the skateboarder is on the railing
8-150-32
neut	a boy tries to notice move and new skateboarding
neut	a skater is using her last belt on the escalator .
neut	a rescue is performing the spectators skateboard .
neut	a skateboarder is doing an agility competition in his backyard .
cont	the skateboarder is sitting on his ramp .
cont	the skateboarder is steering a mountain jet
cont	the skateboarder is jumping on the railing .
enta	a skateboarder flies down a wall
enta	a skateboarder is doing the stairs .
8-150-147
neut	the skateboarder is flying his new wheel down the stairs .
neut	a skateboarder is going tricks on a railing .
neut	the skateboarder is knocking down a rail of fall .
neut	the skateboarder is practicing for a rainstorm .
cont	a basketball runner is building a small floor .
enta	a skateboarder rides down the stairs .
6-150-8
neut	the skateboarder will ride the trampoline on stairs
neut	the boy has a skateboard on a railing .
neut	the man just made a green skateboard .
neut	an elderly woman plays in the skateboard park
cont	the teenager sits on the couch watching the game
cont	the skateboarder was riding his bike in the
cont	the boy jumps off the diving in his pool
enta	an athlete is riding a skateboard on the railing
7-150-8
neut	the young boy is on the road .
neut	a person is playing in a skateboard house
cont	a snowboarder is sitting down at the park .
cont	all of a female is not skateboarding
enta	a skateboarder has a lot of others outside
9-226-8
neut	a skateboarder is finishing towards the park .
neut	the young boy doing a trick on his skateboard .
neut	the skateboarder is on a skateboard while doing his job .
cont	a boy is taking a nap in his home .
enta	the skateboarder rides his skateboard .
enta	a person on the ramp on a ramp
a man waving at the camera holding a stick with a pile of wood .
8-150-2
neut	a man is holding a large stick to his girlfriend .
cont	a man is holding a tree .
enta	a man holding a stick is holding a stick
enta	the man has a stick on his hand .
enta	a man is holding a stick .
8-150-4
neut	the man is waving a piece of wood for a picture .
cont	a man is holding a dog .
cont	a man is sitting on the ground holding a stick .
cont	the man is holding the trash of wood .
enta	the man is holding a stick
enta	a man is holding a stick .
enta	a guy with a stick
8-150-8
neut	a man is carving a piece of wood and is taking a break .
neut	a man is getting his head painted for a large life .
cont	the man is standing by the fire watching the stars .
cont	the man was made with his dog .
enta	humans are near wood .
enta	a man has a stick in his hands .
8-150-16
neut	the man is using a tool holding a stick .
neut	a man decides to ride a stick to the camera
cont	the man is using a hose .
enta	a man waving up a stick with wood .
8-150-32
neut	the man holding his stick is thick his hands .
cont	the man is washing his driveway .
cont	a man painting a farm
enta	this is is holding a hammer .
8-150-147
neut	a man is filming another man how to give a shower .
cont	a person has a broom bean by the fire .
cont	there is a guy in front of a metal hose .
cont	the man is sitting on a beach diving
enta	a man is standing at the camera wearing a fancy .
enta	the man in his hand has a stick .
6-150-8
neut	an old man holding a stick is smiling
neut	the tall person with a stick in a driveway .
cont	the boy was in the living room
cont	the boy sits in the middle of the
enta	the guy waving at the camera is a man
enta	the guy waving at the camera the .
enta	the man with a stick is holding the camera
7-150-8
neut	the two are in line for life
cont	a woman does not a photographer .
cont	a lady is waving at dinner .
enta	a child near a pile in wood .
9-226-8
neut	the man holding the baseball is outside .
neut	a person is working with a camera with a young boy .
cont	a man with a child look at his neighbors while standing on the floor .
cont	the man is at the movies .
enta	a man stands in front of a box .
enta	a man is waving
man in leather jacket reading a book .
8-150-2
neut	a man is reading a book in the library .
neut	a man reading a book in a library .
cont	a woman reads a book in her kitchen .
cont	a man is sleeping .
cont	a man is sleeping .
enta	a man is reading a book .
enta	a man in a leather jacket is reading a book .
enta	a man in a leather jacket is reading a book .
8-150-4
neut	a man reads the book to his parents on a date .
neut	an old man is reading a book .
neut	a man is reading a book outside .
cont	the woman is reading a book at the table .
cont	a man is playing in the mud .
enta	a man is sitting at a book .
enta	man standing next to his book .
enta	a man reads a book .
enta	a man is reading a book .
8-150-8
neut	a man is reading the book book .
neut	a man is reading a book to a dog playing a book .
cont	the man with the jacket is eating lunch .
cont	the man is eating popcorn
cont	the man is asleep in the motel , and is driving a car .
cont	the man is working on the floor .
enta	the man is reading .
enta	a man reading his book .
8-150-16
neut	a shirtless man reads a book to his favorite book in the building .
neut	man reads book to go out
neut	a man is waiting for a tour in the church .
neut	the man is looking at a book on the side .
cont	a woman flies to the store to get a taxi .
cont	the man is reading a magazine magazine .
cont	the man is wearing a gray jacket
cont	a man is taking pictures of his house .
enta	a man is reading a book on a book .
8-150-32
neut	a man in baggy is reading a book while the power is .
neut	the man is reading a book while other takes him .
neut	a man wore orange has the collection of his glasses .
neut	an guy is reading his book that he forgot blood .
cont	the man is getting home sick .
cont	the man is pouring himself down a tree .
cont	there is no printer in the picture .
cont	a lady is singing the tuba .
enta	a man is reading some book .
8-150-147
neut	the man is outdoors for a fashion shop .
cont	the man is reading a dog .
cont	the man is working in his room with candy .
enta	a man is reading a book .
enta	a man is reading a book .
enta	the man in a jacket has reading a book .
6-150-8
neut	the tall person was reading the book book
neut	the guy reading the book for his family
neut	the guy has a beard on a chair
neut	the old man was reading a book .
cont	an adult standing in the middle of grass
cont	the boy was reading the book in his kitchen
cont	the dog eats the sandwich in his kitchen
cont	the man reading the newspaper on a couch .
enta	the guy wearing the gray jacket is reading .
7-150-8
neut	a male is crying about the a book alone .
neut	the book and are making his homework .
cont	the lady was reading the classroom .
cont	the group is outside eating flowers
cont	a child is napping by a fireplace .
enta	man is indoors looking at books .
enta	a guy and child on their heads .
enta	a guy looks at the book .
9-226-8
neut	a man is going to a party for reading to cook .
cont	the women were reading the paper .
cont	a man is standing on the ground
cont	the man is walking down a mountain .
enta	the man is reading .
enta	a man is reading a book .
uniformed schoolgirls are walking together on the street .
8-150-2
neut	some people are walking to the store
neut	a group of young female children are walking to the park
neut	the young group of young girls are walking to the store to buy .
cont	some people are sitting on a couch .
cont	the group of people are sitting on the bench .
enta	a group of people are walking together on the street .
enta	some people are walking
enta	a group of young and female are walking together on the street .
enta	people are walking
8-150-4
neut	the girls are carrying a bag .
neut	the women just got in the street
neut	the girls are getting ready to go in the street .
neut	the girls are walking to the store .
cont	a group of girls are playing soccer
cont	girls walk together on the beach
cont	there is only one girl in the picture .
enta	the girls are outdoors
enta	some of the humans walking
enta	girls are walking together .
8-150-8
neut	bystanders are dressed for halloween .
neut	students are doing their for work .
cont	a group of boys are at home .
cont	the soldiers are walking through the police station .
cont	the policemen are riding their bikes outside .
enta	the soldiers are taking a walk on the street .
8-150-16
neut	some popular cheerleaders are walking along a street .
cont	the woman and guys are in a movie mall .
cont	the three are in the track with some girls .
cont	a group of dogs are sharing on the street outside .
enta	colorful kids are walking on a street .
enta	the police has just for a walk .
enta	law and urban are wearing workers are walking
8-150-32
neut	firefighters are walking with their wives .
cont	some fighters are drinking beer
cont	juggling the time in the world 's .
cont	the men are flying in a cafe .
cont	no policeman is watching basketball
enta	the soldiers are standing near each other .
enta	men dressed around the street , walking together .
enta	cops hang on a street .
8-150-147
neut	the teenagers are about to win the store .
neut	students are walking on the street to change a live show .
cont	three boys are taking a ride in the middle of a city street .
cont	the boys are running away from the forest .
enta	the fireman is on the street .
enta	a policewoman is looking to the street .
enta	students are walking down a street .
enta	there are working on the street and cars .
6-150-8
neut	the tall dressed dressed dressed dressed in uniform
neut	an old group walking to the grocery store
neut	the police have been a meeting for a crowd
cont	the kids were playing in their backyard .
cont	the boys were running in the street and gossiping
enta	the man was walking on the street in motion
enta	the boys walk on the street and dressed
enta	security the street walk with the street outside
7-150-8
neut	the two girls are walking on rollercoaster outside .
cont	a girl at school doing homework .
cont	a woman is drinking soda juice alone .
cont	the group of people in a volcano
enta	the old guy is taking something to the sun .
9-226-8
neut	young girls are walking to their destination .
cont	the teenagers of the asian boys are playing baseball .
cont	a group of teenagers sleeping on a bus
enta	girls are dress outside .
enta	children are walking past .
enta	there are people walking down the street .
enta	people are walking in front of a street
a woman riding a bicycle past a car and a group of people on a sidewalk .
8-150-2
neut	a woman rides her bike to work .
neut	a woman rides a bike to the store .
cont	the woman rides the bus .
cont	the woman is sitting on a couch .
enta	the woman is riding a bicycle .
enta	a person on a bike .
enta	there is a woman riding a bicycle .
enta	a woman is riding a bike .
8-150-4
neut	a woman is going to her car to go to the store .
neut	a girl riding a bike to the store .
cont	a woman is sitting .
cont	a woman and a man ride their bikes .
cont	a dog plays with a ball of yarn
enta	there are several people in this picture
enta	the woman is riding a bike .
enta	a woman rides a bike outside .
enta	a woman rides a bike in the street
8-150-8
neut	a woman with their hands on a bicycle ride to the store .
neut	a woman is going to flip up her car .
neut	a woman riding a bicycle through a city
cont	a man is doing a stunt on the street
cont	a woman is getting her hair done on a bus .
cont	a female is running in the sand
cont	a woman wearing a bikini is going on a date
enta	a woman is on a bicycle .
enta	there is a bunch of people riding a bicycle .
enta	a woman rides a bike on a sidewalk .
8-150-16
neut	the woman rides a bike his daughter
neut	a group of people are on their way to the store .
neut	a group of friends riding together on a busy road .
neut	a female is riding her bike to a store .
cont	the women is walking to a park .
enta	a woman is riding her bike and people on a sidewalk .
8-150-32
neut	an old lady is riding on a bike .
neut	someone is bouncing a car for the first time .
cont	a woman rides her bicycle through the dirty store .
cont	the woman is riding a train in a parking lot .
cont	there is no one on the sidewalk and a group of people .
enta	a woman is riding an ride outside .
8-150-147
neut	a woman is outside , begging the other people .
neut	a young woman is riding a bike down the sidewalk
neut	there are 2 people on the bike talking to people at .
cont	the woman is pushing her foot up .
cont	a person sits alone in the small yard .
cont	a tree eats beer on the beach .
enta	a woman is outside with an phone pulling .
6-150-8
neut	an old woman riding a bike on the sidewalk
neut	an old woman riding a bike past the street
neut	the women on the bike is wearing the bike
neut	an old woman is racing in a car .
cont	the lady was riding a bike in the park
cont	this man is playing basketball in a field
cont	the lady sits on the couch watching the game
enta	the women ride in the bike is outside .
7-150-8
neut	a lady is talking on the job
neut	tourists the young lady on her bicycle .
cont	a lady has a car that no one of it .
cont	a person is flying a plane to .
enta	a street is decorated .
enta	the little girl is with a child outside .
enta	the bicycle is pulled on the bike .
9-226-8
neut	a family jumps on the bicycle on a sunny day .
neut	the people are on a sidewalk in the middle of the city .
neut	a group of people are on the sidewalk to get to the store
cont	a woman is driving an amusement park .
cont	a woman and an older woman riding bicycles at a beach in front of a
cont	a group of men sitting on a bench and doing work on the street .
enta	a women is riding her bicycle on the sidewalk
enta	a women is outside on the bike
enta	people of the people are in the middle of a circle and holding up the
two girls are walking in car wash parking lot .
8-150-2
neut	two girls are walking to work .
neut	girls are walking to work
neut	two girls are walking to the store to open up
neut	two girls walk through a parking lot at the park
cont	the girls are sitting in a room .
cont	the girls are sitting in the car .
enta	girls are walking through a parking lot .
enta	some girls are walking
enta	two girls walk through a parking lot .
enta	two girls are walking through a parking lot .
8-150-4
neut	some girls are walking in the rain .
neut	two kids are waiting for their parents .
cont	two men are sitting on the beach .
cont	some children are playing in the park .
cont	two girls walk through a field .
enta	two girls are outside in a parking lot .
enta	two people walk in a car seat .
enta	there are two girls in a car .
enta	they are outside .
8-150-8
neut	two girls are walking in france .
neut	two girls have a conversation .
neut	two young girls are walking in the rain .
neut	girls 's card dress are in the mail 's road .
cont	the girls are running down the street .
cont	two kids are walking through the store .
enta	two girls walking in the mall .
enta	there are two girls .
enta	two young girls are outdoors .
8-150-16
neut	the girls are lost in the traffic .
neut	the three girls are about to go in the school city .
neut	the girls were tall than
cont	two girls walk in the living room sink .
cont	they are inside the car getting lunch
cont	the girls are eating dinner at home .
cont	girls are sitting down on the bench .
enta	a couple girls are outside
enta	two girls walking through town .
enta	the girls are near another cart .
8-150-32
neut	two girls are going to drink water .
neut	these people are walking in a race .
neut	a blond girls is going to get wash this people
cont	girls are both adults learning how to play .
cont	two girls are drinking water from the vegetables item .
enta	two girls dry in a car .
enta	two girls are going to drink outdoors .
enta	smoke is inflated by two girls .
8-150-147
neut	three girls are going to impress a man .
cont	a bunch of guys wearing red shirts are walking in gym .
cont	two guys are in a cow ,
cont	two boys are walking in the middle of a field .
cont	the two girls are in front of a small field .
enta	two women and all are walking in a parking lot .
enta	girls are walking between a parking lot .
6-150-8
neut	the girls just got done running in a car
cont	the boy runs away from the car and .
cont	the boys run through the store in line
cont	the kids were playing in the living room
cont	the boys were running in the field the vehicle
enta	the girls walk in the car in vehicles
enta	one of a car wash parking with children
enta	the children walk in the car or the vehicle
7-150-8
neut	a person goes to walk down the red house
cont	three people 's watch inside a tree .
cont	the boys is jumping rope around downtown
cont	a couple is walking through a meadow
enta	some girls walking towards their car on .
9-226-8
neut	girls are taking a walk to their car .
neut	they are walking to a female .
cont	two girls in the streets are asleep
cont	two girls are running at a park
cont	a couple of boys are sitting down on the shopping center with their hands .
cont	two friends are in the middle of the pool
enta	two girls are standing .
a red-haired clown cries streams of tears in a white hat on stage .
8-150-2
neut	the clown likes the water to get to the concert .
cont	a clown is sleeping on the stage .
cont	the clown is sleeping on the stage .
cont	a woman is watching a movie .
enta	a clown is crying
enta	a clown is crying .
8-150-4
neut	a clown is trying to get a shirt .
neut	a clown is trying to get into the air .
neut	an open dresser has a clown on is ending of the show .
cont	a clown watches a movie
cont	a clown is eating a hot dog
enta	a shirtless clown wearing a hat
enta	a clown with a clown on is .
8-150-8
neut	a clown performing in a white white hat and posing for a picture .
neut	a man is performing to win a competition .
neut	a clown does a backflip in front of his family .
cont	the clown does not own in the clown 's birthday .
cont	the boy is eating at a restaurant .
cont	a girl is singing at the beach .
enta	a boy is on stage .
enta	a clown smiles after he was wearing white hat .
8-150-16
neut	the clown blows and his son is lost
neut	a mother performs in a white hat .
cont	the ballerina is throwing his tulips to a dog .
cont	a girl is drinking tea .
cont	the little boy is rolling in a field .
enta	clown shows man
enta	a performer of people prays nature .
8-150-32
neut	a clown prepares to learn off some water
neut	a light cheerleader is making for pop performers
cont	the man is swimming in a pond .
cont	the bands are asleep in a library .
enta	a person is drawing with water
8-150-147
neut	the boy is about to join with a hat .
neut	a circus musician is performing for a large crowd .
neut	a sad female dressed is a nice kid is watching the sun .
cont	a woman is sitting on the beach surrounded by pool .
cont	the man is driving a bike alone .
cont	a cheerleader gets off a dark guard .
enta	a toy tries to be in a clown .
6-150-8
neut	the kid likes to play with the clown
neut	the man just got done tricks in the
neut	the boy likes to play with a balloon
cont	an man in a white hat is sitting .
cont	the kids were playing in the a pool
cont	the cat cries at the woman in blue
cont	the cat cries at the clown 's attention
enta	the blond clown has a hat on them
7-150-8
neut	a child gets wet at their party
neut	the clown performing near water on her wedding .
neut	the construction worker enjoys his job done .
cont	a clown is dancing a baby outside .
cont	the group of people are drowning
cont	no stage is waving at the children .
enta	a clown of clown a crowd on stage .
enta	acrobats are performing for a stage .
9-226-8
neut	the boy is on his first playpen .
neut	a girl is trying to eat the baby .
cont	a juggling is snowboarding on the beach .
cont	a child is playing baseball in the park .
cont	the baby is on the couch
enta	the little boy is enjoying the weather .
enta	a clown looks at his costume
a blue race car slides off the racetrack and hits white median bumpers with its rear .
8-150-2
neut	the car is a shirt .
neut	a race car passes a racetrack in a race .
cont	a race car is parked in the street .
cont	a car is parked by a large meter .
enta	a car is in the air .
8-150-4
neut	a race car is being watched by .
cont	a car is parked in the field .
cont	a car parked in a field .
cont	the car has no driver .
cont	the car is at the movie theater .
enta	the car was being there .
8-150-8
neut	the car is going fast on the racetrack .
cont	the person in the red car is driving a car .
cont	car driving through the park
enta	a race car is in the track .
enta	someone is riding a track .
8-150-16
neut	the race car is racing .
neut	a runner is enjoying a run in a race .
cont	the red race car is parked with a black race car .
cont	a red group of race car not not moving
cont	a police officer is riding his scooter on the racetrack .
enta	cars like a race car .
8-150-32
neut	light car boards for a exhibition family .
neut	the car is on the tour shops area .
cont	the cars were on the moon .
cont	a woman is running on the track
enta	a driver drives up the track in front of a group .
enta	there are bright people in the track .
8-150-147
neut	the cars love to see today .
neut	a black person is under the dirt bike for a show .
cont	a red car is spinning off of a race car .
cont	a fireman is pulled down the sidewalk to make a view .
cont	the brown cigarette is parked on the first time .
enta	a dirt car is being ridden by a yellow car .
6-150-8
neut	the boys ride the race to go home
neut	the women just got off of a car outside .
cont	the cat ran down the racetrack and \
cont	the police car was driving down a road .
cont	the race car parked the middle of the track
cont	the boy ran down the racetrack is watching tv
enta	the police car has a race in this picture
7-150-8
neut	a person racing 's finish to win
cont	a car preparing with his friend
cont	a girl sits alone on a park
cont	a family prepares to an grocery store .
enta	this car is wearing blue in a car
enta	the blue car was at his car
9-226-8
neut	a race car is going down the dirt track
neut	a race car has many off up to get a drink .
cont	the car is going down the road and running through the racetrack .
cont	an red race car is driving down a dirt track in the mountains .
cont	car car has no people around .
cont	the red car is parked with it 's owner .
enta	people watch a car race
enta	there is a car at the park
enta	there is a race car at a race car .
a man and woman sit at a cluttered table .
8-150-2
neut	the couple are sitting at the table and have a family reunion .
neut	the man and woman are sitting at a table in a park .
cont	two people are eating at a restaurant
cont	the people are at the beach .
cont	a couple are sitting on a couch .
enta	a man and woman are sitting .
enta	the man and woman are sitting .
enta	the man and woman are sitting together .
enta	a couple is at a table .
8-150-4
neut	a couple share a good meal for their family .
neut	a couple sit at a table waiting for their turn .
cont	three people are eating lunch in the park .
cont	a couple of people are eating at a restaurant .
cont	two people are dancing at the bar .
cont	two dogs eat lunch
enta	two people sit at a table
enta	two people sitting on a table , and are sitting at a table .
enta	the couple sit at a table
enta	the man and woman are indoors .
8-150-8
neut	a man and woman sit at a table with an old man at the table
neut	the man is making a lot of money .
neut	a pair of women are eating their dinner together .
cont	the man on a bike is working .
cont	the man sits on the ground alone .
cont	an indian couple is eating a meal at the restaurant .
enta	the man and woman are sitting at a table together .
8-150-16
neut	a gathering is taking place to make money
neut	a man and woman at a huge table .
neut	the married couple are sitting on the sidewalk .
cont	they are walking on the beach .
cont	a baby is washing the orange wine .
enta	the man is resting at the table .
enta	two people sit and sitting
8-150-32
neut	people are having a party .
neut	old man and woman at a table .
neut	a man and woman are checking a test of science indoors .
cont	the man are playing an trombone .
cont	a couple of dogs in the sleeping ,
cont	a couple with girl walk in the world .
enta	a man and people are seated in a mostly table .
enta	a man and woman are sitting down .
enta	the people out to the table .
8-150-147
neut	the man and woman are building a very distant .
neut	a man and woman are enjoying an feast
cont	two woman and a woman stand at red books .
cont	a man is swimming alone in a bad .
cont	a couple is standing on a snowy table .
enta	a man and woman are sitting at the table .
6-150-8
neut	the old man and woman are having lunch outside .
neut	the tall a man sitting at a table
neut	an asian woman sitting at the windows table .
cont	the men sit in the middle of grass
cont	the women sit in the kitchen eating .
cont	an old man is driving down an empty four
enta	the women sit at the table and sitting .
7-150-8
neut	a couple takes a woman of their job .
neut	a family is sitting up
cont	the couple is flying from the wheelchair .
cont	a person is smoking a ground .
cont	the married man is with a crowd
enta	a couple is sitting on their porch outside .
9-226-8
neut	the people are enjoying gambling together .
neut	two people have their dinner at a table in the park .
cont	the woman is standing on a slide .
cont	a man does n't know a man is playing his board .
enta	two people are sitting at a table .
enta	a woman and a man are at work .
the lady in the red jacket is helping the other lady decide what to buy .
8-150-2
neut	the woman is a farmer
cont	the lady is not selling food .
cont	a woman cooks a cake .
enta	a woman is helping something to help .
enta	the lady is near a woman .
enta	a woman is wearing a red jacket
enta	the lady is wearing a red jacket .
8-150-4
neut	a young woman helps her woman to be a card .
neut	a young lady wearing a red jacket helps her friend to get ready for work
cont	a man is teaching a class .
cont	the lady is wearing a white dress .
enta	a lady is helping a lady helping her lady wait .
enta	lady is buying something to a lady .
enta	a lady in a red jacket helps her lady wait by .
enta	a lady is in the red jacket
8-150-8
neut	lady is preparing to play with the lady .
cont	the women is looking at the ocean .
cont	a lady is trying to make a man 's face .
cont	the ladies is sleeping .
enta	the lady is holding something .
enta	two people are presenting .
8-150-16
neut	a woman is handing her daughter 's daughter
neut	the lady is making a silly clothing stand .
cont	a woman wearing colorful blue jacket is shopping for food .
cont	the lady was old and wearing a dress .
cont	a woman and lady clean dinner food
enta	the lady is close to the other women .
8-150-32
neut	the lady 's daughter to help a woman .
neut	a lady photographs her sister 's purse .
cont	the woman is checking her fix in a car .
cont	a lady is digging to boy who is
cont	a man sees at the dog park .
enta	this is a lady wearing red .
8-150-147
neut	the woman is trying to make a pie .
cont	a woman is telling her dog to a man .
cont	a lady is dancing with her husband 's head .
cont	a woman is meeting with her dog .
enta	a lady is trying to get a conversation .
6-150-8
neut	the women have just made a very large group
neut	the women holding the other people is the women
neut	the women will buy the fruit to sell
cont	the women sit in the middle of the ocean
cont	the lady jumps into the pacific ocean .
cont	the man sits in the middle of the desert
enta	the lady helps the lady how to buy .
enta	the lady was helping the lady to sell something
enta	the lady helps the lady how to sell
enta	the women were a stand in red .
7-150-8
neut	a woman just is following a house .
neut	a lady looks as the asian lady
neut	a lady tries to make a job outdoors
cont	only men are on their car .
cont	women are not dressed as a woman .
cont	a lady sits at a grocery store .
enta	a female is dressed the top
enta	a woman is pointing the market
9-226-8
neut	she is selling the product for the first time .
cont	a woman watches her brother throwing water balloons .
cont	the woman wearing red pants and a blue shirt is sleeping .
cont	a woman is inside two old men saluting
cont	a man wearing an plaid shirt is getting ready to go home .
enta	a lady is choosing out a young person
a smiling costumed woman is holding an umbrella .
8-150-2
neut	the woman is a circus
neut	the woman has an umbrella on her way home .
neut	a woman is holding an umbrella at a party .
cont	the woman is holding a dog .
enta	the woman has an umbrella .
enta	the woman is smiling .
enta	a woman is holding an umbrella .
enta	the fair woman is holding an umbrella
8-150-4
neut	a woman holds an umbrella for her friend .
neut	a person is getting ready to go .
neut	the crowd is standing .
neut	the woman just got done shopping
cont	the woman has no hand .
cont	a woman is in her house .
enta	the woman is holding an umbrella .
enta	the woman is holding an umbrella
enta	an smiling woman holds an umbrella
enta	woman holds an umbrella .
8-150-8
neut	a dance teacher is showing off the umbrella .
neut	the woman is going for a walk .
cont	the woman is screaming a joke .
cont	the man is standing up at the party .
enta	there are woman at something .
enta	a woman is holding an umbrella
8-150-16
neut	a woman speaks with her son in front of an umbrella .
cont	the lady is relaxing at home
cont	woman in hot suit
cont	a woman eats a dress in a studio .
cont	a woman throws her dogs in a park .
enta	a woman holding an umbrella is holding an umbrella .
enta	the two women are holding an umbrella .
enta	a woman is holding an umbrella
8-150-32
neut	someone is going out at a full of stores .
neut	the woman is getting a picture of the woman .
cont	a woman is standing a greeting cake .
cont	a man talks a rabbit .
cont	the woman is pushing the woman a umbrella .
enta	a person in appropriate just someone is happy .
enta	the women is holding an umbrella .
enta	a woman is happy .
8-150-147
neut	a girl is holding a giant umbrella .
cont	a woman is dropping a man from the mall .
cont	a lady is standing on top of a skunk house .
cont	there are an armed woman holding a bright arms .
cont	a man holds his new bucket and singing .
enta	a woman is standing , holding a umbrella
6-150-8
neut	the old woman was holding the umbrella umbrella
neut	the lady holds the umbrella to the crowd
neut	an old woman in a pair is outside .
cont	the man has a umbrella in the background
cont	the women dressed in purple is playing the trumpet
cont	the lady runs the rain in an empty .
cont	the naked woman was holding a large umbrella .
enta	the lady smiling in front of an umbrella .
7-150-8
neut	a mother in blue broke the umbrella .
neut	the smiling woman having fun a child
neut	it boring a woman 's husband .
cont	a frowning woman is sleeping quietly on an ad
cont	a person is looking out a window .
enta	a bearded woman is waiting for a woman .
enta	a person is playing tug-of-war on something .
9-226-8
neut	a woman holds the umbrella to her wedding cake .
cont	a woman in red sits at the table .
cont	the woman is not dancing
cont	a girl in a green shirt stands alone .
enta	a woman holds an umbrella is umbrella .
enta	a person standing in the class .
2 people in blue and purple costumes are looking at each other with a hill in the background .
8-150-2
neut	two people are dressed up for a wedding .
cont	the people are at the beach in the background .
cont	a group of people are at a bar
cont	the people are sitting in a chair .
enta	two people are looking at each other .
enta	a group of people are wearing costumes .
enta	there are people looking at each other .
enta	some people are wearing costumes .
8-150-4
neut	three people look for a movie to start their day .
cont	two people are wearing red and red .
cont	three people are looking at a tree
cont	three people play in a park with a green and green shoes .
enta	there are people in costumes outside .
enta	two people in costumes are looking at each other
enta	two people are looking at each other with a hill .
enta	three people are looking at each other
8-150-8
neut	the husband is being helped by the three people on the ground .
neut	the women are looking at each other .
neut	the young people are looking at photos in the background of a hill for a
cont	the people were in a room watching a movie .
cont	the man and woman are studying in the church .
enta	people looking at something .
enta	the person is looking at each other .
enta	the two people stand next to the hill in front of the hill .
8-150-16
neut	3 people are looking at the background for the first time
neut	the people are meeting up for a picnic
cont	the folks are standing on a giant pile of corn in the background .
enta	three people look at each other .
enta	the fans look at each other .
8-150-32
neut	the group holds a wedding , fashion on , wearing blue and purple .
neut	a blue and yellow and purple danced play .
cont	one female smoking snow at another one of the ocean .
cont	people eating down of their backyard .
cont	the people are riding their parents at the circus .
cont	people are laying down running .
enta	a large group of people unload each other
enta	there are people at the side of the road .
8-150-147
neut	two people are building a castle in the background .
neut	the people are looking at the clown .
cont	the people are asleep in the world competition .
cont	the people is looking up at the hole .
enta	people are looking at each other .
6-150-8
neut	the couple enjoys the view of a storm .
cont	the man sat in the middle of water
cont	the men sit in the middle of grass
cont	the boys were playing in the park outside .
cont	the boys were playing in the park .
enta	2 musicians are wearing costumes looking at the hill
enta	the women were looking at the same outside .
7-150-8
neut	the group of people talk .
neut	the two people on costumes are terrified .
cont	a couple are tearing on the ground
cont	a couple is alone in their car .
cont	a couple and one is driving a plane .
cont	a couple go a nap playing indoors .
enta	one of his people are wearing costumes .
9-226-8
neut	two people are at a school dance together .
neut	two people are wearing their mothers are standing .
neut	the two people watch a dance show at the festival
cont	two people are dancing at the park
cont	two people are looking at the sun on the beach .
cont	the two people are walking in the distance .
cont	two people are taking pictures of a new york city .
enta	humans looking at each other .
a singer is performing before a small crowd outside .
8-150-2
neut	a singer is in a band
neut	the singer performs on stage .
cont	a singer is eating a sandwich .
cont	a singer is eating a sandwich .
cont	a singer is sitting on a bench .
cont	a singer is sleeping .
enta	a person is performing
enta	a person is outside .
enta	a singer is outside .
enta	a singer performing
8-150-4
neut	a singer is singing to the crowd on the stage .
neut	the singer is a comedian .
neut	a woman singing to a crowd .
cont	a man is eating lunch
enta	singer guitar at a crowd outside .
enta	the singer is performing a song
enta	someone is performing a song
8-150-8
neut	a singer is performing for an audience of his friends .
neut	a singer on a stage is about to score the people .
neut	a man is going at a party
cont	a man is eating lunch
enta	a singer dances in front of people .
8-150-16
neut	i is a choir
neut	a singer is using a drummer for a competition to start
neut	a man plays for a living friends
cont	a singer in a classroom during a wedding .
cont	a singer is sitting at a table .
cont	an old lady waiting on the lunch break .
enta	there is a large crowd outside the outdoor .
enta	the singer is performing in people .
8-150-32
neut	a singer dances in the world tryouts
neut	a lady in dark brown and brown is performing a dance on a monkey .
cont	the kid is eating a banana .
cont	the young girl plays ironing with a megaphone .
enta	person performs
enta	the singer has artistic in front of the crowd .
enta	a person performs on a street corner .
8-150-147
neut	the singer is a professional country singer .
neut	the crowd of people are having a great performance .
neut	the happy band is put up free instruments .
cont	a man is riding a wagon in the field .
cont	a woman plays the guitar in her sandbox .
enta	a singer relaxes in front of a crowd .
enta	a musician and singer is performing in front of a crowd .
6-150-8
neut	the women here is a group of people
neut	the kid 's mouth will make a large crowd
neut	the women here is a large crowd .
cont	the dog plays with a ball in a park .
cont	an orchestra plays in the park with no crowd
cont	the boy 's mouth is asleep in the motel
cont	an orchestra playing a game on a beach
enta	the boy has a large crowd of people
enta	an african person in a large crowd outside
enta	the kid 's mouth is performing for people
7-150-8
neut	a concert is preparing to perform the song
neut	the small singer is shirtless .
cont	a person is inside doing a stop outside .
cont	the singer is diving outside .
enta	a singer is playing on a crowd .
enta	the small singer is giving his speech something outside .
9-226-8
neut	the singer on the crowd is in front of the man .
neut	a woman performs for a crowd in her bag .
neut	the singer on the crowd are at the olympics .
neut	a singer is waiting to get to make a speech
cont	the singer is performing on the ground .
cont	the singer is swimming in the middle of the ocean .
cont	a man is sleeping at home
cont	a woman is trying to get money from her car .
enta	a person is sweaty up .
a man standing in front of a class of asian students holding a picture of santa claus .
8-150-2
neut	the students are all men .
neut	the students are all men .
neut	the teacher is taking a picture of the students .
cont	the people are watching a movie .
cont	the man is holding a picture of his daughter .
cont	the man is holding a dog
enta	people holding a picture of a group of students holding a picture .
enta	a man is holding a camera .
enta	the man is holding a picture
enta	a person standing
8-150-4
neut	a man is trying to get a picture of his friend .
neut	a man and his students are taking pictures .
cont	a man stands at a bus stop .
cont	the man is holding a dog .
enta	the students have a photo .
enta	a man stands in front of class .
enta	a man and students are standing .
8-150-8
neut	the teacher is having a conversation .
neut	the students are the best show
neut	a teacher is taking a shortcut of his friends .
neut	the man teaches his 's for the students test .
cont	the guy is not in line for a drink .
cont	a man is reading a book to the students .
cont	the man is standing with the person reading the newspaper .
enta	a man with a photo is writing a picture of a young man .
enta	in students of a person
enta	the man is working on the students .
8-150-16
neut	a rude bicyclist gets a picture of the students
neut	a man applying on a school presentation to his friends .
cont	a man is sitting and talking on a phone .
cont	a man was dancing in a competition .
enta	the man is taking a picture
enta	a man has been outside his students .
8-150-32
neut	a man stands on the way to school students .
neut	the man is the best students want to be a lot of other kids .
neut	the performer 's just been been n't about of people
neut	back group and students attempt a question .
cont	the man is driving a class bus .
cont	a man dangles up a banana on the stage .
enta	people are a photographer holding a camera .
enta	there is a one man people near a group of fans .
enta	an asian man takes photos around another students .
enta	an asian man holding a camera of some fans .
8-150-147
neut	the children are next to their school break .
cont	a man is helping his wife in a car .
cont	a man inside the phone tub .
cont	a guy meditate in the middle of a class .
cont	a man is lost as a squirrel .
enta	adult is standing by a child
enta	a man is looking at the students .
6-150-8
neut	the guy stands in front of a large crowd
neut	the guy just got a picture taken out
cont	the guy stands next to the grocery store .
cont	the students were standing in a car .
cont	the boy was sitting in the park outside .
cont	the boys were playing in their backyard .
enta	the teacher and the students were a teacher
enta	the guy stands in front of a camera .
enta	the kids were in front of a class .
7-150-8
neut	a man is watching school students .
neut	the group in matching birthday party and young
cont	an old female are swimming in a marathon
cont	the group is walking down the street .
cont	man is throwing a group of children
cont	the old person just finished a soccer game .
enta	the guy watched on the man
9-226-8
neut	a man is looking at the camera for the picture to see the them
neut	an old men holding a camera for a picture .
neut	the man looks at the large outfit for the toy show
cont	the asian man is in an movie theater .
cont	some people are sitting and waiting for the bus .
cont	the man was in the hat waiting for the game to buy cheese .
cont	no one is being filmed .
enta	a man in a picture , holding a picture and pose by the group in
a woman is smiling at a baby in a stroller in a meadow .
8-150-2
neut	the woman is the baby .
neut	a woman smiling at her child .
cont	the woman is inside the house .
cont	a woman is crying at her baby .
cont	the woman is frowning at the baby .
enta	there is a woman in a stroller .
enta	a woman is outside
enta	a woman is smiling at a baby .
enta	a woman is smiling
8-150-4
neut	a woman is at a park .
cont	a man plays the his mother .
cont	a child is riding in a train station .
cont	the baby is eating lunch .
cont	a man and a baby are asleep in the house .
enta	the woman is smiling in a stroller .
enta	a baby is happy
enta	the child is smiling at a baby .
8-150-8
neut	a little girl is laughing at a joke .
cont	the woman standing in the street has a hair hands .
cont	the man is sitting at home
cont	a baby swims in a playpen for a walk .
cont	the woman is on the moon .
enta	a woman and a baby are .
enta	a woman in the sun is being built by a baby .
8-150-16
neut	a woman is excited about a child to keep out .
cont	a woman frowns in a park .
cont	the person is not gesturing at the baby .
cont	the woman is writing a letter
enta	a woman smiling at a baby .
enta	a woman is smiling as the baby looks at the baby .
8-150-32
neut	the woman is pushing her baby in a fall .
neut	a woman is male as she walks into a tree .
cont	a woman got the park at school .
cont	a woman is yelling at a baby .
cont	a boy is consuming his new york .
cont	a man is making food in a chair .
enta	the woman is near a bug .
enta	a woman in a stroller is looking at an object .
enta	there is a bit in the lady in a stroller .
8-150-147
neut	a woman is smiling at the man on a nature park .
neut	a woman runs a baby in her yard with a baby .
neut	lady is celebrating a family picture .
cont	a woman is giving a baby in the bathroom .
cont	a woman eats a bubble in her front porch .
enta	a woman is standing as she make something .
enta	the woman is looking at her baby .
enta	the woman is looking at a baby .
6-150-8
neut	an elderly woman is smiling at a baby
neut	the women just got done a baby .
cont	the baby slept in the park in silence
cont	the dog sleeps in the park , crying
cont	the boy plays with the baby in grass
enta	the woman smiles at the baby 's .
enta	an woman smiling at a baby in the woods
7-150-8
neut	a mother just a family in the picture .
cont	the baby is cutting the garden .
cont	a woman playing on vacation and flying through .
cont	the stroller is walking outside
enta	a lady shows the baby and smile at a lady
enta	a baby sits at the stroller playing around .
9-226-8
neut	the woman is holding her sister 's mother
neut	a woman is outside an approaching with her baby
neut	a woman is looking for her baby at the park .
cont	the woman is walking across the road
enta	the woman is near each other .
enta	a woman holding an umbrella near a field .
enta	the woman is enjoying a baby in a garden .
brown-haired woman talking to man with backpack .
8-150-2
neut	a man and woman are talking about the news .
neut	two people are talking about the woman
neut	the woman is talking to her husband on a date
cont	the woman is sleeping in her bed .
enta	a human talking
enta	a man is talking .
enta	the woman is talking to a man .
enta	the woman is on a backpack .
8-150-4
neut	people are chatting about their friend .
cont	two women are sitting in the park .
cont	the two men are wearing black .
cont	two women are walking in a park .
enta	the two people have something on their backpack .
enta	a lady with a backpack
enta	a man and man .
enta	the woman is talking to a man .
8-150-8
neut	the woman is unhappy with her husband .
neut	someone is hosting a woman about the news .
neut	the man is talking on the phone while the man is walking .
cont	two women are sitting on top of a tree .
cont	a cat is having a beer in a bar .
enta	one man has a backpack .
enta	there is a woman and man .
enta	a blond woman is talking to a man
8-150-16
neut	a woman is talking about her shopping with a backpack .
neut	some male is talking to their children
cont	these people were lying on the ground
cont	a woman takes a baby in a field .
enta	a woman talks to another man with a backpack .
enta	the woman is talking to someone .
8-150-32
neut	a woman just got done drinking .
neut	a woman is are talking to a man sitting
neut	the man is a childs friend .
neut	the mom is a team friend .
cont	the woman is sitting while standing on the man 's ears .
cont	two guys celebrate the woman 's lap in a blue restaurant .
enta	some people are interested in each other .
enta	a woman advertising for a man
8-150-147
neut	the man is talking on a barrel .
neut	a man prepares to run a 3 story
cont	the man is breaking a temperature .
cont	a woman is talking on a cellphone ,
enta	two people are having a rear habit .
enta	the woman is at the person with an backpack .
6-150-8
neut	the women just got done their the photo
neut	the women walking to the man 's cafe
cont	the women were taking a nap on a couch
cont	the man sits down in the middle of town
enta	the women talk to the man with the backpack
enta	the lady was talking to someone in the photo
enta	the women talk to the man with a backpack
7-150-8
neut	a woman is talking after swimming trunks .
neut	the young woman uses her girlfriend to .
cont	the table was no backpack on the road
cont	a person is sitting a three man nothing
enta	there is a female out in a backpack .
enta	a lady and women talk on the backpack
9-226-8
neut	the woman was buying a cup to the man .
neut	people are at a marketplace
neut	a woman is walking towards her manager sitting down .
cont	a women is sitting on the couch .
cont	a guy is eating pizza while his passenger on a bench .
enta	a woman outside with a man in a burgundy is with his arms
enta	a woman is talk
enta	a man is behind the woman .
a surfer is riding the waves whilst another surfer sits on his board waiting .
8-150-2
neut	a surfer is doing a trick for a competition .
cont	a cat is on a surfboard .
enta	the surfer is surfing with a surfboard .
enta	a man is surfing in the ocean .
enta	the surfer is in the water
8-150-4
neut	a surfer is going to catch a big wave
neut	a surfer is about to make a surf competition .
neut	the surfer is on vacation
cont	a surfer is swimming with his friends .
cont	two surfers sitting on the ground .
cont	the surfer and the cat are taking a bath .
enta	a surfer rides the waves .
enta	the surfer is a surfer
8-150-8
neut	a boy is riding his skateboard during the competition .
neut	the surfer was very cold .
neut	a man is participating in a surf competition .
cont	the man is working at the library .
cont	a surfer with no hair is swimming in the ocean .
cont	the woman is wearing a pink shirt .
enta	a man is working on the ocean
enta	there are surfers in the water .
enta	a surfer works on the waves
8-150-16
neut	a surfer is at a large city .
neut	the surfer is taking pictures of another small surfboard .
cont	the man was playing soccer with his friends .
cont	a surfer sits on a bench by the beach .
cont	the teenagers are watching a dead woman play basketball .
enta	the surfer has his hands on the waves
8-150-32
neut	a man rides a wave during wave on wave .
neut	a surfer cruising on his waves while on a girl clears .
cont	surfer fell off the coast on a track .
cont	a person is skateboarding down the river .
cont	four joggers are flying at a lake .
cont	the surfer is driving a llama by the ocean .
enta	a surfer riding the waves on stilts
enta	a person is riding an adventure on their surfboard .
8-150-147
neut	a surfer is leading others practicing for a irritating .
neut	the man is riding a red fisherman .
cont	the mother is helping deep a tree .
cont	a surfer dances the blue on the bicycle .
cont	a surfer is riding a bicycle in the park .
enta	a surfer is riding a wave near the water .
enta	a person is on a wave , surfing .
6-150-8
neut	the surfer rides his waves to get a competition
neut	the surfer has been surfing in his competition
cont	the surfer sits on the beach at the beach
cont	the boys ride the waves on his board
cont	an surfer sits on the beach watching tv
enta	the surfer has a surfboard on his board .
enta	the surfer riding the waves are a surfer
7-150-8
neut	a child is sitting down on water
neut	surfer is almost air fast
neut	a surfer is getting home of water
cont	a person is standing around a building .
cont	a surfer was working at his desk inside .
enta	a person is preparing an amplifier .
9-226-8
neut	a skateboarder is taking pictures of the new york .
neut	a young woman surfing on the ocean on the ocean .
cont	the surfer rides his bike at the beach
cont	the surfer is standing near the ocean .
cont	a surfer is riding his motorcycle in the air .
enta	a surfer is surfing
a girl is standing and another one is sitting by a tree
8-150-2
neut	the girl is waiting for her husband
neut	one girl is waiting for her mother to arrive .
neut	the girl is waiting for her friend
cont	the girl was standing and one one is sitting
cont	a girl is sitting on a bench
enta	one girl is standing and another one is sitting by a tree .
enta	a girl is standing and another sits with another person
enta	there is a girl and a girl sitting by a tree .
enta	the girl and the girl are sitting together .
8-150-4
neut	a girl is on her way to a party
neut	two people are standing by a tree at a park
cont	the girls are playing with a ball .
cont	people are watching a movie
enta	a girl is sitting .
enta	a girl is in a tree .
enta	a girl and another person are sitting .
enta	the girl stands in a tree .
8-150-8
neut	a girl is standing with a drink on the bench and his friend is sitting
neut	the girls are enjoying the tree .
neut	a girl is about to get ready for a break .
cont	the man is sitting in his office .
cont	both woman are dancing inside the tree .
cont	a woman and a boy are watching a movie .
cont	a boy and girl are walking into the park .
enta	a group of people are standing
enta	a young girl stands with another .
enta	girl sees a tree .
enta	a group of children standing .
8-150-16
neut	three parents meet by the tree .
neut	the girls wearing yellow are young woman and her son
neut	one person is trying to pick .
cont	a girl tosses the other machine
cont	the girl sitting on the sofa and a book .
cont	the child is playing soccer .
enta	a human standing and a girl is outside .
enta	a girl stands next to a tree .
8-150-32
neut	a girl is happily with her friends while they sit .
neut	the girl is listening to music .
neut	the girl is standing while taking the tree to her .
cont	the girl in a tunnel sits nearby .
cont	the man grills through the basement as his mom is sitting .
enta	a young girl is by the tree .
8-150-147
neut	the girl is trying to get a man stands .
cont	a girl is standing with no a hose .
cont	a woman is being observed by a younger boy .
cont	a girl is standing on the grass with a creek .
cont	the girl runs his red wagon .
enta	a girl is standing with someone else .
enta	some girl is sitting on a tree
6-150-8
neut	the girls were playing in the tree the tree
neut	an individual is waiting for the large bus
neut	one girl waiting for the bus to arrive
cont	the boys were in the park on vacation
cont	the man sat in the park on the sidewalk
cont	the girls were sitting in the park watching tv
cont	the boys sits on the couch in church
enta	an individual stands is standing by a tree
enta	the lady stands and a man sits by outside
7-150-8
neut	a girl is taking a test across the fields .
cont	a boy is falling in his crib .
cont	the boy is standing up on the ground .
enta	a child in new clothes sitting on a
enta	a girl uses the tree with a
9-226-8
neut	some people are waiting for a friend .
neut	a girl is waiting for her husband to finish her breath .
cont	the girl is standing on a tree in the middle of the ocean .
cont	some women are hiking down a tree
enta	a group of people are sitting together outdoors .
an african american man getting his haircut by another man .
8-150-2
neut	a man getting his haircut to go to work .
neut	the man is a singer .
cont	a man and a woman are eating .
enta	the man is getting his haircut
enta	the man is touching a man .
enta	there is a man who is getting his haircut
8-150-4
neut	an african man is getting his hair cut in a black chair .
neut	the asian man is getting a hair cut .
neut	a man getting his hair cut at a party .
cont	man in white pants
cont	a man is at home watching tv .
cont	a man takes a nap on the couch .
enta	a person preparing for his hair .
enta	the man is getting his hair cut .
enta	an african american male is standing by a man .
8-150-8
neut	the black man is a sculptor .
neut	a fat man falls for someone .
neut	the old man is a scientist .
cont	the man is making burgers .
enta	a man is making his hair shaved .
enta	a guy and a man are in the picture .
8-150-16
neut	an indian man enjoys a ponytail for her hair .
neut	the man is a cowboy as a paisley .
neut	a man is thirsty in a russian
cont	a girl plays with her dogs .
cont	men like football have a bank .
cont	a man and wife are riding on a bus .
cont	the woman playing alone on the sidewalk .
enta	a man is concentrating himself .
enta	a man is giving a haircut
enta	one person is shaving by man with a ponytail .
8-150-32
neut	a boy has on a birthday just the others .
neut	a man is beginning for a picture with himself .
cont	the guy is a girl
cont	a man is washing his golf right .
cont	the man took his cat 's lap
enta	a man is taking food with another man .
enta	a indian person in the clothes .
8-150-147
neut	some other guys watching to a company that went
neut	the men in the bridal parlor about things .
neut	a female man is guiding a tricycle in his favorite shop .
cont	a man was dragging his dog in front of a music .
cont	a man is playing golf with a dog .
enta	an older man is getting fix of a man .
6-150-8
neut	the men were in a park with their hair
neut	the guy wears a green shirt and the customer
cont	the men walk in the park with the man
cont	the african african american person walks to work
cont	the men walk in the park on the street
enta	the man 's hair is the man 's hair
enta	the man puts his hair and another man watches
7-150-8
neut	the black american is at a concert .
neut	man is making noise on fire .
cont	a person is watching a movie in .
cont	the black man is drinking the dog window
cont	the horse was pulled in a cage
enta	someone is wearing makeup on another .
9-226-8
neut	the man is making his client 's hand .
neut	a man writes as he is getting ready to perform .
cont	two women walk together .
cont	a man runs after his dog .
cont	a man dances alone
enta	a man is leading the man .
enta	someone is trying a child .
two men are listening to music through headphones .
8-150-2
neut	the men are in a band .
cont	two women listening to a woman listening to music .
cont	the two men are playing the piano
enta	two men listening to music while listening to music .
enta	the men are listening to music .
enta	the men are listening to music .
enta	there are two men listening to music .
8-150-4
neut	some people listening to music in the park .
neut	the men talking to the concert .
cont	a man plays the guitar in a bar .
cont	two men are playing .
enta	two people listening to music
enta	two people are in the same hand .
8-150-8
neut	two people watch children play music .
cont	the men were n't wearing headphones .
cont	two ladies are indoors .
cont	two ladies in the park are doing a test .
enta	men talking on the instruments
enta	two men are talking .
enta	men listening to music .
enta	two men are talking .
8-150-16
neut	the men are listing in seattle music
neut	two men in a classroom are listening to music to a friend
cont	a boat pile of ice , do n't see out of a play .
cont	the men are building on a sofa .
enta	the two men are talking
8-150-32
neut	stands is performing an art concert .
neut	a person called looking to two other to music at festival .
neut	three guys peer to a band .
cont	two women stare to enjoy a performance .
cont	three men arrive to loud headphones .
enta	two men play music and listening to music .
enta	men telling to eachother music with music .
8-150-147
neut	a man is talking to his friends while on mic
neut	two men are talking about their sign .
neut	two men are attending a musical show .
cont	the two men are walking in the woods .
cont	bill men are walking through the streets
enta	two men are talking about their headphones .
6-150-8
neut	the friends listening to music at a concert .
neut	the man listening to music is wearing a hat .
neut	the men were a band watching music together
cont	the women were sitting in the middle of outside
cont	the women were listening to music through the headphones
cont	the women sit in the middle of outside .
enta	the men talking to music on a headphones .
enta	the men were listening to music with music
7-150-8
neut	the two construction workers is on their headphones
cont	an old women are listening the other music .
cont	the group on the ground have .
cont	a girl is sitting on her headphones , .
enta	a couple are listening in a microphone .
9-226-8
neut	two guys were about to get wet .
neut	two men are performing at a concert .
neut	the two men are waiting for the headphones to get to work in the living
cont	the men are playing tennis on a sunny day .
cont	the men eating worms
cont	two men are sitting down eating a italian .
cont	the man used his instruments
enta	two people are performing a song together .
enta	the men are in public instruments .
enta	the two men are playing music .
a worried blond-haired baby is sitting inside a large , shiny metal cooking pot that is on top of an electric stove .
8-150-2
neut	the baby is cleaning up with a large metal pot .
cont	the baby is playing with a dog in the park .
cont	man eats a sandwich
enta	a child is cooking .
enta	the baby is cooking with a pot .
enta	a baby eats a pot of a pot of a pot
enta	a baby is using a metal pot to make a pot .
8-150-4
neut	a baby is playing with the plastic pot .
cont	the baby is asleep .
cont	an old man is using a bathroom .
cont	a baby is jumping on a bed .
enta	a person sitting .
enta	a baby is cooking .
enta	a baby wearing a hat is a meal
enta	a baby is sitting with an something stove .
8-150-8
neut	people sitting at a park
neut	a baby boy is very tired
neut	a baby enjoys his barbecue dish
cont	a woman is dancing with a baby .
enta	the human is cutting something .
enta	a baby with a piece of metal is eating food .
8-150-16
neut	a kid waits for the baby while sitting .
cont	a girl is carving a oven .
cont	the boy is drinking with beer .
enta	a newborn not on top of a piece of metal using a piece of meat
8-150-32
neut	her son is listening to the other baby he wants to
cont	a female baby eats a apple bird .
cont	a baby is shooting at an empty library .
cont	a baby girl is chopping leaves in the pond
cont	a baby is wrapped outside on the moon .
enta	a child is preparing to make something .
enta	a baby sits out of large metal hose outside .
8-150-147
neut	a baby tries to knit a piece of bamboo grill .
neut	a girl tries to pick up an instument .
neut	a baby is being lifted out of a plate .
cont	a baby sleeps in a truck .
enta	a woman is sitting with a piece of cans .
enta	a baby has a baby on the grill .
6-150-8
neut	the boy wants to eat at a restaurant
cont	the boy sat in the store at home
cont	an egg baking with meat in the woods
cont	the boy sits in the store at home
enta	an african girl is sitting inside on a pot
7-150-8
neut	a person enjoys his birthday party .
neut	a photographer is taking food from a party .
cont	the table are made of the house
cont	the young baby is petting ice cream .
cont	a blond-haired baby is sitting on one man .
enta	the two babies , one food is cleaning .
9-226-8
neut	a baby girl sits on her playpen party .
neut	the toddler is waiting on the couch to get to the library .
cont	a baby is having a sleep cook in the kitchen .
cont	a child is sleeping in the kitchen at the church .
cont	the dog has never thrown a mouse .
enta	the kid is inside cooking .
a football coach guiding one of his players on what he should do .
8-150-2
neut	the coach is a woman
cont	the coach is taking a nap
cont	a coach is playing baseball .
enta	the coach has a game .
enta	a coach is playing a game .
enta	a person playing sports .
8-150-4
neut	a football player is a professional player .
neut	the football team is about to win the game .
neut	a coach is performing for a game
cont	the football player was taking a nap .
enta	there is a football player .
enta	a football coach performs a play .
enta	the football coach is on the football field .
8-150-8
neut	the man in a park is watching the game .
neut	the football players wearing blue uniforms are playing .
neut	the football team are performing indoors .
cont	the coach is giving a speech .
cont	a man is taking his baseball lessons on his opponent .
enta	the coach is ready to perform .
enta	a football player is bring a football .
enta	the man is performing
enta	someone came in the football .
8-150-16
neut	just couches are shiny .
neut	the team is famous for tips for a championship .
neut	a player at the stadium during the team .
cont	the baseball coach is not decided to play
enta	a football player attempts to make his football .
8-150-32
neut	a coach poses a professional team is being taken .
neut	a sad football player is running for out it is being taken .
cont	the chemistry school throws the football .
cont	no baseball lacrosse teams is resting .
enta	a football player looks at play .
enta	the football team is conversing with their football .
enta	the coach is putting someone on something .
8-150-147
neut	the people are lifting songs for photo .
neut	the football team is trying to hold a fan with the football .
neut	the ground is a soldier for the upcoming football .
cont	the players are playing volleyball .
enta	some people are playing football .
6-150-8
neut	the guy wants to tackle his ball .
neut	the man just got done the football game
neut	the coach player in the crowd was outside
cont	the player was sitting in the living room
cont	the player was sitting in the car asleep .
enta	an athlete is playing in the football .
7-150-8
neut	the football coach is for the football game .
cont	a child is eating at the local bar
enta	a person wants another coach at work .
9-226-8
neut	a football player is practicing his turn to get his picture .
neut	a football player is about to score his goal
cont	a football player misses the police to get his turn to the dog .
cont	the football player is sleeping on the couch .
cont	a woman runs down a soccer field .
enta	a team is on the court
enta	a team is trying to get his picture .
the brown and black dog has his mouth open .
8-150-2
neut	the dog is playing fetch with its owner .
neut	a dog is playing
neut	the dog has a toy in its mouth .
cont	a dog is chasing a cat .
cont	the cat has a toy .
cont	the dog is chasing a cat .
cont	a dog is sleeping on a bed .
enta	the dog is brown .
enta	dog with mouth
enta	the dog is brown .
8-150-4
neut	there is a dog with a stick
neut	the brown and black dog has a light white and white dog .
neut	a dog with a mouth is standing in a field .
neut	the dog had a stick .
cont	a dog is swimming .
cont	the dog is white .
cont	a dog is sleeping
cont	the dog is reading a book .
enta	the dog has his mouth .
enta	a dog is on the ground .
8-150-8
neut	the dog has a nose and a nose .
neut	there is a dog in the middle of the field .
neut	the dog will win the stick
cont	dog eats a bone
cont	the dog is green and white .
cont	the cat is all indoors
cont	the dog sat on the couch
enta	animals has an animal .
enta	there is an animal playing .
enta	the dog is wearing a brown outfit .
8-150-16
neut	a dog being agility at a cat next to it 's mouth .
neut	the dog is hungry to pick his owner a ball .
neut	the dog hurt his leg .
neut	a brown dog with a white frisbee .
cont	the dog is eating at home .
cont	the dog is swimming in the ocean
enta	the dogs are smelling something .
enta	an animal puts his mouth stick .
8-150-32
neut	the dog is holding fishing floaties .
neut	the dog is about to get dressed .
neut	a dog is standing next to an eye out by a fire .
cont	a dog is dinner dinner for a hat .
cont	a large dog runs into it 's arm at people .
cont	a dog jumped through an empty field .
enta	a dog is carrying it 's mouth open .
enta	a dog is sitting near a dog .
8-150-147
neut	a treat chews on the monkey table .
cont	the dog is running from the field with his mouth .
cont	two cat has fighting foot by a fire .
enta	this dog is catching two animals .
6-150-8
neut	an animal is chasing a ball its mouth
neut	the animal plays with the owner 's owner .
neut	the dog is playing with the owner 's mouth
neut	the dog was playing with his owner in the park
cont	an old dog is sleeping in a bed .
cont	the brown dog was sleeping in his bed
cont	the dog sits in the park eating the outside
cont	the cat ran away from the dog 's mouth
enta	the animal dog has his mouth on it
enta	the dog 's mouth open to a dog .
7-150-8
neut	a couple are hiking their dog food
neut	a couple is eating his favorite 's outside
neut	a dog is moving at the circus .
cont	one dog chases the grass off a house
cont	both dogs are riding bikes
cont	the black and cat on a table
enta	a animal is with its .
9-226-8
neut	a dog has a stick in its mouth
neut	an animal and its owner 's stick .
neut	the dog is really its owner .
neut	the dog is playing fetch with a stick .
cont	a dog stands and shaking .
enta	the dog is moving
enta	the animal touches out outside .
enta	a dog is drinking something .
boy , of age approximately 10 years old , lunging into pristine pool on hot summer day .
8-150-2
neut	boy at a park is at the park .
neut	a boy is playing with his friends .
neut	a boy plays with his friends
cont	a boy is swimming in the ocean .
cont	the boy is playing with his dog .
cont	the boy is playing with a dog .
enta	boy is outside
enta	a boy has a pool .
enta	a boy is playing with a toy .
8-150-4
neut	boy playing pool in the lake
neut	the boys are getting ready to go swimming .
neut	the boy has a lot of his family .
neut	the boy just got done playing in the outdoors .
cont	a girl and a boy are sitting on the beach .
cont	the boy is sitting on a bench at the beach .
cont	a boy at the beach with his family in the desert .
enta	a boy playing in a pool .
enta	a boy playing at the pool .
enta	the boy and water are near the pool .
enta	a boy and a boy are enjoying the outdoors .
8-150-8
neut	two boys are competing in a competition .
neut	a father and his boys are swimming .
neut	a young asian boy is playing in the pool with his family .
cont	the group of children were watching television .
cont	the boy is walking down the street .
cont	a group of people having a picnic in the park .
cont	an adult is on the bench at the park
enta	some kids are playing with a pool in a swimming pool .
enta	a kid swims into the pool
8-150-16
neut	a boy throws his son at a pool .
neut	the boy feel graduated friends
cont	a young child was eating at a family reunion .
cont	some people are playing baseball in the park .
cont	a dog is napping after a car .
enta	a boy pulls into some small pool on his pool .
8-150-32
neut	the boy ca n't like something to be fun in the ocean .
neut	a cure is getting ready to make a bird .
cont	the kid rides a bus with their father .
cont	a little girl is looking for fish at the group .
enta	a man is playing with underneath under an inanimate
8-150-147
neut	a boy is waiting for youtube in the pool .
cont	a prisoner swimming in the world
cont	the boy is standing and turning on their car .
enta	the boy is under the public pool .
enta	a boy is feeding a up near .
6-150-8
neut	the boy enjoys the weather to his friends
neut	the boys will get the ball to the pool
neut	the boy will get to him to the snow
cont	the kids sit in the middle of the desert
cont	the boys were in the middle of the desert
cont	a kid is eating lunch in his living room
cont	the boys play with the ground in line
enta	the boys play with the pool are outside .
enta	the kids floating into the pool on the beach
7-150-8
neut	a child is having a family at birthday
cont	some girls are laying down from the playground .
cont	a girl sits alone on a hill .
cont	two women go swimming in the lake
enta	a kid just tackled on the ground .
9-226-8
neut	a young child is getting ready to go to the top of the water .
neut	a child is from the snow to get to play .
cont	a child is enjoying the house .
enta	kids playing in the sand .
enta	a young boy is splashing in the air
an asian man attempting to repair a green bicycle outdoors while two other asian men stand by .
8-150-2
neut	the man is a professional .
neut	a man and his friends stand next to a bike
neut	a man is trying to get to the top of the other men
neut	the man is a professional .
cont	the people are watching a movie .
cont	two asian men are playing with a bike
cont	the asian man is driving his car .
cont	two asian men are playing with a bike in the park .
cont	the asian man is riding a bike .
cont	a man is riding a bike
enta	the man is outside .
enta	an asian man is working on a bike .
8-150-4
neut	a barber crew is taking a break from her bike .
neut	an asian man is teaching a class to construction a bicycle .
neut	an asian man is teaching a class to steal a bike with two asian men
neut	the man is a mechanic .
cont	people walking through a park
cont	asian men are working to get a blue bike .
cont	man riding a bike .
cont	an asian man is taking a nap while two men are working .
cont	a man plays with a cat in the park .
enta	a man helps to get a green bike
enta	man are fixing a bicycle .
enta	a man and two men are working .
enta	an asian man helps to construction a bicycle .
enta	two men stand by a bicycle .
8-150-8
neut	three people are looking for a red bicycle .
neut	a man is carving a red bike .
neut	someone is trying to take a break from working on their bike .
cont	a black woman eats a hot dog and the friends are fighting .
cont	a man is yelling at a woman and friends
cont	the women were both the man is using the bike .
cont	asian woman with friends
cont	these men are riding a bike
cont	the asian couple sits alone .
enta	the asian man are working .
enta	the group is by the vehicle .
8-150-16
neut	the couple is over their favorite bike in the background .
neut	a teacher practices class .
neut	this guy is trying to fix a bicycle to his home
cont	a girl is testing a bicycle for a group of kids .
cont	an black man runs behind a bike .
cont	a man eating an ice cream .
cont	one sailors is running fast fast
cont	three asian men are jet bicycles
cont	a caucasian woman plays basketball outside with a woman .
enta	old person carries a bike
enta	the color is a man and the asian men .
8-150-32
neut	a mime is struggling to go some people on a bicycle .
neut	man points by the 12 asian man 's feet .
cont	an asian woman is working on the two two wheeler .
cont	a man jumps rope before the sunset
cont	a white man rests across the edge of his two work .
enta	there are only men and women .
enta	an clouds is tall and other man walk outdoors .
enta	a man thinks to put some men .
8-150-147
neut	a man in a bicycle makes a red bike .
neut	colorful gray man holds a bike to help into the distance .
neut	a looking grandfather holds a tractor and two men race to take .
neut	a man pours his bucket in trying to catch friends .
cont	it is a horse looks at the men .
cont	a dog got eaten at a room .
cont	a man working on the middle of a road .
enta	different different men are working out in the city .
6-150-8
neut	the man wants to get to the store
neut	the man works in the middle of town
neut	the man was working on the bicycle to work
cont	the men were working on the city street
cont	the women were sitting on the beach in bed
cont	the man jumps into the pool is outside
cont	the asian woman was working on an airplane outside .
cont	the man sat in the middle of concrete
enta	some people wearing the bike are working outside .
enta	the men work on the green bicycle outside
enta	the asian people look at the green bicycle .
enta	the man was in the middle of his bicycle
7-150-8
neut	the two bike race are standing in a man
neut	the two people are for school
cont	a person is resting looking off a pole .
cont	asian woman in black walks into a house .
cont	asian men is walking down the street
cont	the asian woman is inside reading
cont	the man climbs up the bicycle black
enta	a male is standing beside a bicycle and outdoors .
9-226-8
neut	a man is doing a back flip for a bicycle ride .
neut	the man is working to fix the bike tire
neut	the bike is flipping the bicycle before
cont	a man is preparing to go fishing .
cont	the man is working on the bicycle on the sidewalk .
cont	a man and women are sitting in a car
cont	the man is running inside the street
enta	there is a man working in the bicycle while two men watch .
enta	a man bikes to people
enta	the asian man is working on his bicycle
man in a military outfit handing something in a plastic bag to a group of children outside near a brown building .
8-150-2
neut	a man gives a box to a group of children outside of a school
neut	the man is a farmer
cont	a group of people are at a football game .
cont	a man is holding a dog in a kitchen .
enta	people are selling something .
enta	a man is holding a bag to other children .
enta	there is a man in a military outfit as a group of children outside near
enta	the man is holding a bag of plastic bag .
8-150-4
neut	the child is waiting for his wife to come out of the building .
cont	a man wearing a dress and tie a beer hat .
cont	a man sits at a table with his family .
cont	a group of adults play in a park
cont	the man has a red bag and is holding his dog .
enta	a man is helping a group of children .
enta	a guy with a bag is wearing a bag .
enta	men getting ready
enta	the man has a bag .
8-150-8
neut	the children are waiting for the bus .
neut	there is an old man wearing a uniform in the military parade .
neut	the man is a professional
cont	two men are holding a piece of bags
cont	the man in the military uniform is sitting quietly at the office .
cont	the man is in a suit
enta	some man is wearing a shirt and a bag .
8-150-16
neut	a man in a red and black sweatshirt is bringing .
neut	a man is wearing his hats while walking down the building .
cont	one person is reading a book by himself .
cont	a ninja is sitting by a woman inside a building .
cont	the group has no hands behind her .
cont	an army man eats a sandwich in his office .
enta	a man is near some artwork .
8-150-32
neut	a man has a bag at his work
neut	the person in the big army is waiting for a show .
neut	a group of people are trying to pick up a nice time
cont	a woman throws the man in a stroller .
cont	a man in an colored colored outfit is driving a movie .
enta	a man hauls an group of children .
8-150-147
neut	a man is going to a church service .
neut	a man is showing a lot of people to eat .
neut	the man is holding the boys nearby them .
cont	the man is giving a piggyback to the face .
cont	there is a man wearing a blue cowboy suit .
cont	a man holds a large toy of children in the living room .
enta	a man is posing with a load bag .
6-150-8
neut	the man was a military cancer 's told
cont	the boys walk in the middle of the city
cont	the man was wearing a black and white outfit
cont	the boys sit on the couch in the park
cont	the boy sits in the middle of rain
enta	an asian of is in front of the building
7-150-8
neut	a soldier is looking out a car window .
neut	this man just won the boy .
cont	a woman is holding her a balloon .
cont	the group is taking a plane .
cont	the military of the children a cat .
enta	a person are fixing the children
9-226-8
neut	there is a police man looking for his wife in the middle of the street
cont	a group of men eating ice cream at a party .
cont	a woman is looking at her car while drinking .
cont	the man is wearing an orange shirt with a blue cap .
cont	the man is jumping with his sister in a cage .
enta	he is walking near a two wheeled
a old woman is holding shopping bags on a busy city street .
8-150-2
neut	the old woman is shopping for groceries .
neut	a woman is shopping for groceries .
cont	the woman is holding a dog .
cont	a woman is running in a field .
cont	the woman is running in the park .
cont	a woman is holding a purse on a sidewalk .
enta	a woman is holding bags .
enta	a woman is shopping .
enta	a woman is outside .
enta	a woman is holding bags .
8-150-4
neut	a old woman is getting ready to go home .
neut	the woman is getting married .
cont	a young woman holds a bag on the street .
cont	a man is eating his food .
cont	a man is holding a dog while he is drinking water .
enta	the old lady has carries bags on the street .
enta	an old woman is with her shopping bags .
enta	an old lady has shopping bags on .
8-150-8
neut	a woman is asian to the other .
neut	she enjoys the day
cont	the woman sat down
cont	a mom in a shopping crowd holds a man .
cont	a young woman is sitting at home in her bed .
enta	the women is shopping .
enta	the old woman is shopping .
enta	an old woman is next to a shopping center .
8-150-16
neut	a woman is going to watch a store outside .
cont	the woman is pushing her purse to the mall .
cont	two men in tuxedos are getting off of a plane .
cont	the eating is washing a car .
cont	a man with a shopping bags is holding shopping bags .
enta	an elderly woman is carrying shopping bags on a street .
enta	a woman watches outside of the city .
enta	a person is holding cigarette .
enta	a woman holding things on the street
8-150-32
neut	a woman is displaying shopping for good .
neut	a woman enjoys from this candy shopping .
cont	a woman is pushed out of clothing on the street .
cont	a old man is drinking something
cont	the woman is drinking delicious on a table .
cont	a woman is not dressed as candy bags .
enta	a woman holds shopping
enta	a lady in a square walks decorated line .
enta	a person is holding shopping bags .
8-150-147
neut	a woman is wanting traffic with a shopping bags .
neut	a woman is checking things and shopping in the middle .
cont	a old woman is not sitting on a stranger day .
cont	a now haired woman is driving a vehicle
enta	the woman is dressed in line .
enta	there is a woman outdoors with bags .
6-150-8
neut	an asian woman holding shopping bags is shopping
neut	the old woman was shopping for the day
cont	the boy runs away from the grocery store .
cont	the boy was shopping for dinner at the mall
cont	the man holds the shopping bags in the city
cont	the boy holds the shopping bags of the store
enta	this woman holds shopping bags on her street
enta	an old woman holds shopping bags on street
7-150-8
neut	the lady is about to grocery food .
neut	some woman uses a store in europe .
cont	a woman is eating a city .
cont	a man looking on some yellow
cont	the boy is laying off .
cont	a women is walking in a park
enta	the shopping has a lot of something
enta	a person rests across the busy city .
enta	the lady has the shopping bag .
enta	a person is holding people shopping .
9-226-8
neut	an old woman is trying to her purse for her child to get home .
neut	a tall person shopping for shoes
neut	a woman is getting her job for bag .
neut	an old lady is walking on the sidewalk near a store .
cont	a woman is swimming at the beach
cont	a woman sits inside chairs on the sidewalk .
cont	a old man in the mall on mars .
cont	an old man walks in a street .
enta	a woman is outdoors outside .
enta	a woman is shopping for the laundry
a man holding his shoe on the beach
8-150-2
neut	a man is holding his shoe to his wife .
cont	the man is holding his shoe to his wife 's house .
cont	a woman holding her shoe on the beach .
enta	a man is on the beach .
enta	the man is holding his shoe .
enta	a man is holding his shoe .
8-150-4
neut	a sad man holding his shoe on the beach .
neut	a person is having fun
cont	a man is riding a bike .
cont	a man is taking a nap .
enta	there is a man in the water .
enta	a person is on the beach .
enta	a man has his shoe on .
8-150-8
neut	a man is holding his shoe as a man enjoys his walk .
cont	a woman holding hands at the beach .
cont	the man is carrying a child on a bench .
cont	a man is chasing a dog .
enta	a man with a shoe stands in the water .
enta	a man is holding his shoe .
8-150-16
neut	the man is having a picnic party .
neut	a man dressed warmly cheers
cont	the man is a fire fire fishing pole .
cont	the man is standing alone waiting for his friends .
enta	the man has a arm .
8-150-32
neut	the homeless man is a good
neut	a man holding an interesting to shovel his shoes .
cont	a man is lying down on a beach .
cont	a man dropped down his purse in his hands .
enta	on the covered dark is near the water .
8-150-147
neut	a man is holding the hat on the beach .
cont	a man is screaming at the field with a knife .
cont	the man is holding a roller down the street .
enta	a man is standing up outside , wearing a hat .
enta	the man is there in the sand .
enta	a man has a hand and in his hand .
6-150-8
neut	the guy will ride his shoe to work
neut	the guy will not know how to eat .
cont	the boys were playing in the living room
cont	the men were running away from the rain outside
cont	the boys were playing in the park outside
enta	the guy holds his shoe on the beach outside
7-150-8
neut	a man is looking for something to work .
cont	a lady is looking for a man .
cont	a woman is eating that a friend .
cont	the child is selling .
enta	a person wearing the purse .
9-226-8
neut	the man is bringing a boat on the beach
cont	the man is sitting on the beach playing .
cont	a man is throwing rock clothes .
enta	a man is looking in the sky .
a man in a white t-shirt and blue shorts is rock climbing up a sheer face
8-150-2
neut	the man is climbing up a cliff to get to the ground .
neut	a man is climbing a mountain .
neut	a man is rock climbing up a cliff to get to work .
neut	a man is rock climbing up a mountain .
cont	a man is sleeping on a couch .
cont	a man in a white t-shirt and blue shorts climbs up a painting .
cont	the man is sitting
enta	the man is outside .
enta	a man is climbing up a face face .
enta	the man has a face .
8-150-4
neut	the man is a professional climber .
cont	a person is walking through a park .
cont	a man in a red t-shirt is dancing .
cont	a man is sitting at his desk .
cont	a man is climbing a tree .
enta	a man climbing up a rock climbing up a rock .
enta	a man in a white t-shirt is climbing up a rock climbing .
enta	a man is climbing a rock climbing .
8-150-8
neut	a young man is working to reach the top of a man .
neut	the man is climbing a cliff .
neut	an angry man on top of a rock .
neut	the man is working on a project .
cont	a man in a black suit is surfing at the beach .
cont	the man is studying inside .
cont	a woman fixes the man 's head .
enta	a man makes his climbing climbing .
8-150-16
neut	a man is rock climbing in a country rock .
cont	a man is doing down inside his house .
cont	a woman is climbing down a wall to a party .
enta	there is a man on his rock climbing .
enta	the man in a white shirt .
enta	a man is climbing
8-150-32
neut	a man is teaching his friends to rock
neut	a man climbing around is getting paint
cont	the young person eats her child .
enta	a man wears shorts and jeans
enta	a man is having done at least one of the face .
enta	a man in a white sundress mounts rock climbing
8-150-147
neut	a man is working on climbing a mountain .
neut	a man is trying to get air to destroy .
neut	a man is bending up to catch a pole .
cont	a woman is wearing a red dress and in red .
cont	a man in a white t-shirt leaps down a hill .
cont	a cow dressed in black paints a tennis ball .
cont	the woman is climbing down a rock wall .
enta	a man is climbing along a rock climber .
6-150-8
neut	the old man loves the rock climbing up outside
neut	the old man rock climbing up to work
neut	the boy likes to rock climbing in the woods
cont	an old man in a dress is running .
cont	this guy does n't like the rock wall
cont	an individual in the middle of a desert
cont	the boy jumps up to catch a ball .
enta	an is going down a rock with the face
enta	the men climbed up the rock in the air
enta	an overweight dressed man is climbing up a rock
7-150-8
neut	a guy performs their first school .
neut	the working is following race for .
cont	the climbing stands sitting in a plane
cont	little girl just got the rock climbing and dancing
cont	the lady is taking long to win .
enta	there is a man near the outdoors .
9-226-8
neut	the climber rock climbing is outside .
neut	the man is rock climbing for the first time
cont	a man is sleeping on the floor .
cont	a man is skiing down the ledge at night .
enta	the man is climbing a rock wall .
enta	a man is climbing a rock
a man in a white button-up shirt looks to the side while sitting at a table by the street .
8-150-2
neut	the man is waiting for his friend .
neut	the man is waiting for his wife to arrive .
cont	the man is at the beach .
enta	a man in a white shirt looks at the street .
enta	the man has a shirt .
enta	a man is sitting .
enta	a man is looking at a table .
8-150-4
neut	an old man in a white hat looks to the side of a street .
cont	a woman looks at a man as she sits on the ground .
cont	a man is running through the park
cont	a man sleeping on the beach .
enta	the man is looking at the side of the street .
enta	a man is looking at the side of the street , looking at the side
enta	a person looks at the side of the street .
enta	he is looking at the side of the street
8-150-8
neut	the back of the man 's birthday
neut	a black male is taking pictures for his friend .
neut	a man is reading the notes on the bench at a table .
cont	a man is working in a field .
enta	there is a man in a shirt and eating something .
enta	a man is watching something .
8-150-16
neut	the man is faking someone at a table .
neut	a man is purchasing the street from a table .
neut	the bicyclist is sitting on a step book .
neut	a man is looking for the street
cont	the man is looking up an art wire
cont	the man is wearing a turban .
enta	a man is outside sitting at a table .
enta	a man is not standing on the street .
8-150-32
neut	a man is sitting while wearing a white shirt and looks for an umbrella .
cont	a man is not sitting , staring at the weather .
cont	the man is looking over the water while the woman sits .
enta	there is a man seated to the other person .
enta	a man is high off the ground .
8-150-147
neut	the man is inside a table to make and laugh .
neut	a man is on a table with his mothers teeth .
neut	the man is a coworker sing on the street .
cont	a man in a white shirt and colored shirt are standing on a table .
cont	the man is staring at the building .
enta	a man is trying to another sitting .
6-150-8
neut	the guy waiting for the bus in the street
neut	the old man in white is watching the concert
cont	the boys were playing in the sand asleep .
cont	the guy walks through the table with snow
cont	the guy walks in the middle of town
enta	the man sits at the table in the street
enta	the boy has a white shirt and outside
enta	an individual is looking at the street looking .
7-150-8
neut	man looking at the back they are
cont	the three women is holding hands closed .
cont	the two of men are driving with orange
cont	a guy is going swimming .
enta	the man has the arm shirt .
9-226-8
neut	a man with the white and white shirt and black pants and black pants .
neut	a man is watching a street artist outside for his friend .
cont	a woman is looking at the sky .
cont	a man is standing on the street .
cont	a man is asleep on the bench .
cont	a woman is looking at an object
enta	the man is lounging at a table .
enta	a man is sitting down
two children in swimming trunks are standing under a water sprinkler while a crowd looks on .
8-150-2
neut	the children are playing in the water
neut	children are playing in a pool .
cont	children are sitting in a car
cont	two children are playing in a pool with a kite .
cont	the children are playing in the sand .
enta	the children are near water .
enta	the children are in the water .
enta	two children are standing under a water hose .
8-150-4
neut	two brothers in a pool are looking at a water mop .
neut	children are swimming in the water pool .
neut	the kids are friends .
cont	the children are taking a nap
cont	the child is taking a bath
cont	some children are watching a movie on a sunny day .
cont	children are riding in a car .
enta	there are kids outdoors
enta	two children near a water water construction .
enta	two children near water .
enta	some kids are outside .
8-150-8
neut	there are boys wearing the same color of the water .
cont	the boys sitting in the water .
cont	kids are jumping in their rooms of a pool .
enta	children are swimming together .
enta	two children are near a water hose making a water hose .
8-150-16
neut	two kids stand together to watch a friend who is in water .
neut	the children are attempting to win the event .
cont	two children played fetch .
cont	two men going home
cont	some children are dancing in a theater .
cont	two kids are sitting in a pool .
enta	two children with a pool are on the water .
enta	two children are standing together .
8-150-32
neut	kids are standing on the water to take a shower .
neut	the children are outside to shelter .
cont	two people are staring at home .
enta	two women are outdoors near the water .
enta	these middle kids perform by a water surface .
8-150-147
neut	the children are taking a ride to the fountain .
neut	the people are wearing scuba black pads .
cont	a child is on the grass beside a river .
enta	two people go into a water ladder .
6-150-8
neut	an adult swimming for the first time the crowd
neut	the boys wait for the water on the water
neut	a couple is looking for their favorite friend
cont	three people at the beach are riding their bikes
cont	the boys playing in the water with the water
cont	one dogs playing in the field in the pool
enta	the kids sit under the water in water
enta	the boys and the crowd are standing near water
7-150-8
neut	a person is waiting for his ride .
neut	a family of kids wait for the diving waves outside .
cont	a child is playing ball into a tree .
cont	the pool girl is sitting on the
enta	the diving above are crowded on water
enta	a person is playing a swimming of others .
9-226-8
neut	two people are all swimming in the pool .
cont	two men are in the pool and spraying water .
cont	the children drink ice skating at the park in the park .
cont	two people are in the kitchen .
cont	two men shake over their last day of the fountain
enta	a couple of people are in the water
a woman in a white dress walking down the street with a woman in a purple shirt crossing the street .
8-150-2
neut	a woman is walking to work .
neut	a woman is walking to work .
neut	a woman is walking down the street to the bar .
neut	the woman is walking to the store
cont	a woman is sleeping on the street .
enta	a woman is walking down the street .
enta	woman walking
enta	the woman is outside .
enta	the woman and woman are outside
8-150-4
neut	the woman is going to the park .
neut	a woman is walking home from a blue dress .
cont	the women are running
cont	the woman is dancing .
enta	a lady is crossing the street with a woman .
enta	a woman and a woman walking
enta	a women is walking .
8-150-8
neut	a woman in a dress talks to her friend .
neut	a woman is looking for her child to the store .
cont	the woman is asleep in bed .
cont	the woman is drinking wine
cont	a man is inside a car with his wife .
enta	a little girl is walking in the street .
enta	a women is walking down the street with a woman .
8-150-16
neut	a mom is watching her mom 's mother and daughter .
cont	a girl is hiking on a mountain
cont	a woman is walking on a bench .
enta	a woman is walking down the street with a woman .
8-150-32
neut	a woman and woman are carrying makeup on a busy street .
neut	the woman is walking to her car .
neut	the woman is holding a santa by the wedding .
cont	the women are running in an enclosed area .
enta	a woman walking in the street are carrying something .
enta	a woman walking on the street has a dark her woman
8-150-147
neut	a woman and her husband crossed the street in a tall orange shirt .
neut	a woman gets her way to another office .
neut	the woman rings his wife outside .
cont	a woman jumps down the sidewalk on a hot summer day .
cont	woman and a woman wearing green dress walking down the street .
cont	a woman and a woman are sitting at the fair .
enta	a woman is walking outside .
6-150-8
neut	the couple was walking to the bus stop
neut	the couple crossing the street with their friends
neut	the lady walks to work in the street
neut	the couple were walking to the store shopping .
cont	the women sit in the middle of the street
cont	an empty street with a woman walks outside
cont	the women walks in the grocery store .
cont	an adult in a white dress is running
enta	a lady is going down the street corner .
enta	the women were walking down the street with people
7-150-8
neut	a woman is doing a party .
cont	a woman is cutting the ground while pushing
cont	a women is walking through a building .
cont	a person is dancing inside a street corner .
enta	a women is riding with a person .
enta	this female is walking with the woman .
9-226-8
neut	two women are walking near to their job in the road
neut	a woman looks for her elderly walking down a street .
cont	she can see the other man .
cont	a women is doing laundry .
cont	a man is digging up the ground and of a woman .
cont	women are playing indoors .
enta	an older woman with a blue shirt and walks in the street .
two women wearing skirts and heels walking down a sidewalk .
8-150-2
neut	the two women are walking to the store .
cont	the women are wearing pants .
enta	women are walking down a sidewalk .
enta	two women are walking .
enta	the two women are walking .
enta	women are walking down a sidewalk .
8-150-4
neut	two women are wearing suits and they are walking to work .
neut	two friends are strolling together .
cont	the two women are sitting down and eating lunch .
cont	the woman in pants is dancing on the sidewalk .
cont	the women are making a sandwich .
enta	two women are walking down a sidewalk .
enta	two women are together together .
enta	two women are outside .
enta	the two women are wearing
8-150-8
neut	two ladies are shopping for a new dress .
neut	the women have just cooked .
neut	the women are shopping .
cont	women are walking along the beach .
enta	the women have jackets outside .
enta	the women are walking together .
enta	two women are outside .
enta	someone is walking down the sidewalk .
8-150-16
neut	they are performing a big trick on the sidewalk .
neut	late female women walk down the street and they are making .
neut	two women wait for the bus outside .
cont	two women with grassy beach has no tennis equipment .
cont	two men wearing tutus walk past their children .
cont	three women are standing in line for a movie .
enta	people walk and and arm onto the sidewalk .
8-150-32
neut	four friends lean on a warm warm rain .
neut	the two women were walking home in the rain .
cont	two men are doing fake 's uniforms .
cont	no one women are walking down the sidewalk
cont	the women are inside a library
enta	two women take clothes
enta	two women , wearing jackets are walking outside .
enta	two women are walking down the sidewalk .
enta	the women are walking down the sidewalk .
8-150-147
neut	two people are walk down the sidewalk waiting for a friend
neut	the women are discussing a walk to eat cheese
cont	there are women flying a kite .
cont	two women are reclining under a sand sand .
cont	two women are sitting inside of a bank .
enta	the women are outside with a sharp .
enta	two women stand up at the sidewalk
6-150-8
neut	the couple just got done the rain outside
neut	the women were wearing pants and green skirts
cont	the women have been playing in the dirt area
cont	the women sit in the middle of the street
cont	the men sit in the middle of outside
cont	the women were wearing pants and running down outside .
enta	the women were wearing pants and pants outside .
7-150-8
neut	a women is making the best art .
neut	a couple of people watch matching the rider .
cont	the table are jumping in this picture .
cont	the ladies are jumping high .
cont	a guy is wearing his swim suit .
enta	the two ladies are at the sidewalk .
enta	a lady is dressed on top of skirts
9-226-8
neut	there are women walking down the street of a race .
cont	two men in a dress and red walk on a sidewalk
cont	two women are jumping to catch a basketball goal .
cont	two woman are driving a car
enta	girls are walking outside in a dark area .
a gentleman cooks multiple dishes while preparing extra ingredients in his kitchen , windows open behind him .
8-150-2
neut	the man is a chef
neut	the man is making food for a family .
cont	the man is eating at a restaurant
cont	the man is eating at the restaurant
cont	he is eating dinner
enta	he is preparing food
enta	a gentleman is preparing food .
enta	a gentleman is preparing food .
8-150-4
neut	the man is making a mess .
neut	a gentleman is cooking rice .
cont	a man eats his lunch
cont	a man is sleeping
enta	a person is preparing food in his kitchen .
enta	the man has a man in his kitchen .
enta	the man has a man in his kitchen .
enta	a man is preparing food for his meal .
8-150-8
neut	a professional man is making breakfast in his kitchen .
neut	a man is working hard for his new new sculpture .
cont	someone is watching tv .
enta	a man is setting colorful dishes .
enta	a man is fixing his food from his house .
8-150-16
neut	a man is cooking prescriptions while his family is grilling .
neut	a man is preparing a fish for his family .
neut	final hot cookies are making fry .
cont	a man is buying chicken
enta	the person is making using product with the man .
enta	a guy is creating produce to help a man .
8-150-32
neut	a man cook breakfast with his friends .
neut	the man is preparing dinner in his kitchen .
neut	a man is monitoring drugs to work works on his kitchen .
cont	the man is trying to make sleep with his friends
cont	the man is digging on a round set .
cont	a man is preparing breakfast by himself .
cont	a man takes out their order home .
enta	an old man is cooking with a kitchen project .
enta	a man is using toast
8-150-147
neut	a sad man is smoking while asking to party .
cont	the man is yelling at the restaurant .
enta	a person is carrying heavy produce .
6-150-8
neut	the guy works at the restaurant is serving food
cont	the lady was sitting in the kitchen eating lunch
cont	the man was working on fire to the music
cont	an old man eating food in his kitchen
cont	the lady cooks dinner in the kitchen room .
enta	the guy cooks in the kitchen with the dish
enta	the guy was working on food in the kitchen
enta	the boy cooking in the kitchen , .
enta	this dinner has a piece of a person .
7-150-8
neut	a asian man is preparing a food person .
neut	the kitchen fixing oven on tuesday .
cont	a girl just used the hot dinner .
cont	one guy is cutting the streets .
enta	a guy has the dishes table
enta	a gentleman is looking into a kitchen window
9-226-8
neut	a young cooks is grilling food in the oven during a barbeque .
neut	a sad table breakfast with a cook hat man in a kitchen
cont	a child is sleeping at home .
enta	the person is cooking food .
enta	the man is in a room of food and vegetables .
enta	the man is cooking .
enta	a person cooks food in the kitchen
two women talking over a glass of wine .
8-150-2
neut	two women are talking about a couple
neut	the women are friends .
neut	the women are talking about the weather
cont	the women are eating at a restaurant .
cont	two men talk
enta	a couple of women are talking
enta	two women are talking over a glass of wine .
enta	the women are cooking .
8-150-4
neut	two women are talking about the weather .
neut	women are talking about politics in a restaurant
cont	two women on a boat
cont	two men are talking to each other .
enta	a couple of women are talking over a glass of wine .
enta	two women are talking in a glass of wine .
enta	women having a conversation about .
enta	two ladies are getting ready to eat .
8-150-8
neut	the ladies are talking about the weather .
neut	two young women meeting in the chinese restaurant .
cont	the women were standing in the field .
cont	the two men were looking for food
cont	woman walking around the pool
cont	the women are talking on the phone .
enta	there are women talking .
enta	two woman talking on a glass of wine .
8-150-16
neut	the women are talking to the brunette dinner .
neut	they are good friends
cont	two men are eating at a restaurant .
cont	the two women are fighting over the president
cont	there are three men outside on the grass .
cont	a woman talking to the dog
enta	the people stand amongst well .
enta	two women are sitting on the glass of something .
8-150-32
neut	the women are talking about something and gazing from the water .
neut	two women try at a joke of liquid .
neut	the people are really giving orders .
cont	everyone is gossiping at the cafeteria .
cont	two women in uniform are becoming dancing at home .
cont	two women are walking together
cont	two women are crocheting up the lake .
enta	two women walk into a glass of wine .
8-150-147
neut	the woman are talking hanging the front red mess .
cont	they have falling on a frozen , wet .
cont	the women are sitting inside talking .
cont	a group of mimes are sitting in a room .
cont	two women are cooking dinner before a man .
enta	some women are talking in front of a glass .
enta	two woman is gathered towards the business
6-150-8
neut	one of the women talking to a friend .
neut	one of the women talking to a friend
cont	the ladies were sitting on the grocery store .
cont	the women were sitting on the grocery store .
cont	three people at a bar drinking a beer
cont	three people were sitting in the grocery store .
enta	the couple talk over a glass of wine
enta	the couple were talking to each other .
7-150-8
neut	the women making the wine are large people
neut	a couple in white their conversation
cont	a girl is playing a game by children .
enta	the table has the a wine .
enta	this lady is drinking the two wine
enta	the women are on the same color .
9-226-8
neut	two women getting their favorite great at a cafe .
neut	two people having a conversation at a bar
cont	two women in park water and rubbing
enta	two women work on a coffee .
young child is falling through the air from a swing .
8-150-2
neut	the child is playing in the park .
neut	the child is wearing a helmet .
cont	the child is sitting on the ground .
cont	a child is playing video games .
cont	the child is in the kitchen .
enta	a child is playing with a swing
enta	a child is playing outside .
enta	a child is playing .
8-150-4
neut	the child is playing fetch with his parents .
neut	the child is asian .
cont	a kid is eating a meal
enta	the kid is using the air .
enta	a child is on a swing .
enta	the child has a swing .
8-150-8
neut	a young child goes through a swing at the park
neut	a young child is having a swing jump for a swing ride .
cont	girl watching tv
cont	a child is jumping on the ground
enta	the child jumping
enta	someone is playing the swing .
8-150-16
neut	a child is wearing safety gear with a child .
neut	the young child is moving to her child .
cont	a child sitting on a dune .
enta	a young child is playing on a swing
enta	the child is being pushed from outside .
8-150-32
neut	a child looks on to the ocean with a girl .
neut	the child is crawling through the swing near has his group .
cont	a boy is playing dolls .
cont	grown people are sitting on the green swing pad .
enta	kids play with a swing in a swing .
enta	a person is swinging through a swing .
8-150-147
neut	the young child is looking for the air over .
cont	there are no people behind high above .
cont	two old people are coming down the street .
cont	a boy does his child at the pool .
enta	a young child is looking on at the base with a swing .
enta	a young child is dragging through a swing .
6-150-8
neut	the young child was the rock and the swing
neut	the young child was playing a game
cont	the man sits in the grass eating .
cont	an old man swings through the air alone .
cont	the boy sat on the bench in silence
enta	the boy was playing in front of the air
enta	the young child is playing in a swing
7-150-8
neut	the young girl is walking out .
neut	a child performing new clothes a swing .
neut	the young girl is laying down after swinging .
cont	a child is eating a hamburger .
enta	a girl is holding an object outside .
9-226-8
neut	the child is celebrating .
neut	the child is playing on the swing at the park to get to
cont	the child is going to bed .
enta	the kid is on the swing .
a dancer in costumer performs on stage while a man watches .
8-150-2
neut	they are dancing for a crowd .
neut	a man is performing for a crowd of people
cont	two people play a game of basketball .
cont	the dancer is playing baseball .
cont	a woman is playing a guitar .
enta	people are performing on stage .
enta	the dancer is performing on the stage .
8-150-4
neut	a dancer performs on a stage for the crowd .
neut	a dancer performs for a crowd at a concert .
neut	the dancer has a audience .
cont	the person is inside watching tv .
cont	a man is sleeping on the stage
enta	someone is performing outside .
enta	a person is performing
enta	a dancer is performing on stage
8-150-8
neut	a dancers practicing for the competition .
neut	a dancer performing a show for the audience .
neut	a dancers are performing for the olympics .
cont	the man has a woman on his head .
enta	there are people .
enta	a man is doing a performance on a stage .
8-150-16
neut	a young man does a performance on stage with her man who is watching her
cont	five little women are watching the man in suit .
cont	the woman sat with her man 's phone .
enta	getting their eyes performing on stage with each other .
enta	a dancer is performing on stage with a man watching .
enta	a scene is being watched by a man .
8-150-32
neut	the crowd is doing a trick for her glasses
neut	the dancer is performing a broadway .
cont	a dancer is playing a video .
enta	a karate dancing perform perform on stage .
enta	a funny man in a musical instrument .
enta	man is dancing with other man
8-150-147
neut	the singer is performing a senior trick on stage .
neut	a wedding is trying to celebrate a baby behind the stage .
cont	a winter occupies a man holding on the show .
cont	the female girl is dancing through a crowd
enta	a teenager is using technology and perform .
6-150-8
neut	the guy enjoys the of the woman 's musicians
neut	an athlete performs on stage in a park
cont	the man was sitting in his bedroom .
cont	the man was sitting in the park outside .
cont	the boy was playing with the is outside .
enta	the guy performs on stage with the man
enta	the man performs in front of a man .
7-150-8
neut	a person performs for an orchestra .
cont	a dancer is running through a yard .
cont	dancer performs his football game .
enta	a person is outdoors and a dancer .
enta	a person looks out and a dancer
9-226-8
neut	a dancer is about to play her head and dancing .
neut	the dancer performs a show for a crowd of people .
cont	the dancer is playing her favorite in the circus .
cont	two dancers are in the hospital ballroom to a man .
enta	gymnast show dancer
enta	a dancer is working on stage .
two people watch tv from over a white ledge .
8-150-2
neut	people are watching their parents play on a ledge
neut	the people are watching the game
neut	the people are watching a movie
cont	two people watch tv at a restaurant .
cont	the bench is empty .
cont	two people are watching tv at a birthday party .
cont	two people are sitting on a bench in a park at the park .
enta	two people watch tv
enta	two people are watching tv
enta	two people are standing outside .
8-150-4
neut	two people watch guitar from a ledge
cont	people play cards
cont	the people are looking at the moon
cont	two people are standing on a beach .
enta	two people watch outside .
8-150-8
neut	an asian ledge is at the park taking a break .
neut	the couple takes a picture of a large crowd .
cont	a couple is running up the street with their friends
cont	two teens walk in the park
enta	people around a white white ledge .
enta	the person is on the ledge .
enta	the people watch a tv
8-150-16
neut	two people are having a romantic photoshoot .
neut	two angry people at a park
cont	two people play catch on a sidewalk .
cont	two people in church are fighting .
enta	a large male in this picture , he is outside
enta	they are by their pictures .
8-150-32
neut	two people dropped back for a picture during the day .
neut	two people gathered for the big outside
cont	two people run in the middle of a slope .
cont	two people are sitting on the bench together .
enta	two people are next to each other .
8-150-147
neut	an old people are watching a flag for the next show .
cont	a riders of atvs are jogging and zombies .
cont	the they are frowning at the sign .
cont	the people are inside eating and children .
enta	two people are looking at the camera .
enta	two people are participating in a gate .
6-150-8
neut	the children were playing in front of the ledge
neut	the man just got done tricks a rock
cont	the dog was sleeping on the a mountain .
cont	the couple on the couch were playing golf
cont	the single man plays with the white cliff
enta	an adult watch a white ledge on a ledge
7-150-8
neut	the old skating was taking off from japan
cont	the little boy is holding no one on them
cont	a couple is drinking out of a wedding .
cont	the three are walking away from white .
cont	the two people are on the ground and it .
enta	a couple is watching a show from the outside .
9-226-8
neut	two people are reading in a class in their honeymoon .
neut	two people are looking at a mountain
cont	two people sit on the side of the street
cont	the couple is standing on a beach
cont	the couple is watching a woman ride a bike .
enta	a couple of people standing together in the picture
enta	people look at something
couple watching the moon on a bridge .
8-150-2
neut	people watching the cowboy on the bridge to get to work .
neut	the couple are watching the cowboy .
cont	the couple are watching tv
cont	a man and a woman are watching a movie in the hall .
cont	the couple are watching a movie .
enta	a couple is on a bridge .
enta	a couple watching a bridge .
8-150-4
neut	a couple are watching a sunset on the bridge .
cont	two people are running through the woods .
cont	the couple is watching a movie .
cont	a couple is sitting on a couch .
cont	two people are sitting .
enta	the couple are standing together .
enta	there are two are outside .
enta	couple watching a sunset on the bridge .
enta	people are watching a sunset .
8-150-8
neut	some people in a river looking for the top of a bridge .
neut	these people just came to see a bridge in the park .
neut	the couple are on their way to a rock .
cont	the couple are canoeing .
cont	the people and the rock are painting .
enta	two people hang on a bridge
enta	two people are wet .
8-150-16
neut	the married couple watch the water are on the bridge .
cont	couple are running down the road on their way home .
cont	a group of runners are watching a race on the bridge .
cont	the people are making hot cake at the night .
enta	a couple of people enjoying their business on a bridge .
enta	people are moving up a bridge .
8-150-32
neut	a couple is headed on the golden gate bridge .
neut	the couple is taking a break onto the side .
cont	the couple survey the lake with his girl .
cont	two people do n't have been on vacation .
cont	two people are sit on santa grass .
enta	two people are watching herself on the bridge
8-150-147
neut	the couple are standing on a bridge to date .
neut	two people are being served by a mountain lake .
cont	the couple are standing around the fire man .
cont	the couple are sitting on the ground watching .
enta	two people are by the tunnel
6-150-8
neut	an elderly couple watching the sun on their bridge
neut	the couple watching the sun on their favorite bridge
cont	the women were sitting in the park outside
cont	the women were sitting on the bridge watching tv
cont	the couple sit in the middle of outside
cont	the man sits on the bridge on the bridge
enta	the couple were watching the sun on the bridge
enta	the couple watching the sun on the bridge bridge .
7-150-8
neut	the two of couple is a fire outside .
neut	couple love their vows in a stream .
neut	a person is performing for his wife
cont	the couple are swimming to catch his horses .
cont	the small couple is sleeping soundly .
cont	a rock band eats from the river .
cont	the couple was sitting on the bridge .
enta	couple is watching a get in moon
enta	a person looks together in a large bridge
9-226-8
neut	children are posing for their picture to at the lake
neut	the couple on the bridge are watching a boat ride on the river .
neut	a couple on the bridge of their wedding ceremony with their dog .
neut	a married couple looking at the sky .
cont	a couple person hiking down a road .
cont	a couple of people are sleeping outside
cont	a couple person fishing on the beach
cont	couple was running in front of a river .
enta	a couple on the bridge are on the bridge .
enta	people are near a bridge
there 's an invisible man holding a rainbow umbrella .
8-150-2
neut	a man is holding a rainbow at a park
cont	the man is holding a large rainbow umbrella
enta	a man is holding a rainbow
enta	the man is holding a rainbow
enta	a person holding an umbrella .
enta	the man is holding a rainbow .
8-150-4
neut	the man holding the umbrella is a professional bear
cont	a man holding a rainbow in the middle of a field .
cont	an man holds a bag .
enta	a man holding an umbrella
enta	a man has an umbrella .
enta	the man is holding an umbrella
8-150-8
neut	the man is working on his home .
cont	the man is fishing in his car .
enta	the man is near the water .
8-150-16
neut	the man likes the stained device .
cont	the man is slapping a wooden umbrella .
cont	a man is watching tv
cont	a group of young people climb in the park .
enta	a man is holding an umbrella .
enta	a human holding an umbrella .
8-150-32
neut	a male photographer holds an umbrella as they looking at it .
cont	a man holds a stuffed umbrella
cont	large asian man is fishing in the scene .
enta	a bright man is holding a stand sign .
enta	the man holds the umbrella on it
enta	a man took the umbrella .
8-150-147
neut	a man is fixing a big umbrella with the umbrella .
neut	the man is competing in a parade , waving .
neut	the man is holding a rainbow in the world he just pulled .
cont	the man is drinking beer while eating dinner .
cont	a man is holding a umbrella at the desert .
cont	ready from the winter air has blue stand .
enta	a man was used as a umbrella .
enta	the man is being followed by a person .
6-150-8
neut	the guy holds the umbrella umbrella to the music
neut	the guy holds the umbrella for a crowd
neut	the men on the umbrella are a couple
cont	the boy holds the umbrella in a restaurant .
cont	the guy has a red umbrella on the umbrella
cont	the lady holds the umbrella in a car
enta	the men stand in front of a umbrella
7-150-8
neut	one guy owns a umbrella in a
neut	two family of their umbrella 's umbrella .
cont	a child looks through a dinosaur outside .
cont	the umbrella is running for the class .
cont	a woman carries her umbrella at her job .
enta	the guy is holding the rainbow .
9-226-8
neut	a large man has an umbrella on his feet .
cont	a woman stands on the side of the street
cont	a man is at home by the table .
cont	a man was reading a book .
cont	a man is throwing a homeless ball
enta	the man 's into the sign .
the woman is holding up the line with the fish that she caught in the lake with her bamboo fishing pole .
8-150-2
neut	the woman wants to catch fish while the other look on .
neut	a woman is fishing for her friends .
cont	the woman is swimming in the lake .
cont	a woman is sitting on the ground .
cont	the woman is swimming in the lake .
cont	the woman is sitting on the beach
enta	the woman is holding up a fish
enta	woman is holding a fish and fishes
enta	the woman is holding a fish
enta	a woman is standing in a lake .
8-150-4
neut	the woman just got done to go fishing .
neut	a woman and her friend fishing for the fish .
neut	a woman trying to catch a fish to her friends .
neut	a fish is about to go fishing in a lake .
cont	a man is at a dog show .
enta	a person is standing on a lake .
enta	the woman had a fish .
enta	the woman is near the lake .
enta	the woman has a fish .
8-150-8
neut	a woman is practicing for her fish .
neut	a woman with her hair have feet .
neut	a woman watches the birds for the day today .
cont	the woman walked down the water pole .
cont	a woman taking a shower .
enta	a woman holding her fish .
enta	a female is holding a fish fishing by a lake .
8-150-16
neut	a lady takes her dog for a walk .
neut	the blue player has a large color of the ocean .
cont	a person holding four fish is dancing .
cont	the man is fishing
cont	the woman is laying up on the side and they are fishing .
enta	the women is standing near the water .
enta	woman holding fish
8-150-32
neut	a woman struck against her rowing silver fish .
cont	a woman is pushing a dog on the lake .
cont	a woman is riding her goats while a rope .
cont	a woman sitting on the boat near a plate of fish .
enta	a woman holds up the canoe rocks around .
8-150-147
neut	them are very going to sea in a boat .
neut	a woman is trying to cool a fish .
neut	a woman is looking over an ugly fishing item .
cont	the woman hangs in the water with the spoon .
enta	a woman with her toes is fishing in the water .
6-150-8
neut	the women fishing in the ocean fishing .
neut	the couple fishing fish in the pacific ocean .
neut	the couple fish at the beach holding fish
cont	the lady was sitting in the living room
cont	the lady walks in the middle of her bedroom
cont	the couple eats the fish in the kitchen
cont	the women sit in the middle of water
enta	an individual in the water is in water
7-150-8
neut	some fish in a crab picker caught .
neut	the women is making separate together .
cont	a woman is diving over a dog .
cont	the boy has a shark in .
enta	a lady tries to his fish
enta	a woman is playing in small fish by water
9-226-8
neut	she is a rock fish
neut	the lady is enjoying her husband 's fishing .
neut	a woman is running to catch the fish .
cont	a women is playing baseball in front of a lake .
enta	someone is in the fish .
young boy kicks a soccer ball towards the goal as the crowd watches .
8-150-2
neut	a boy is playing soccer in the park .
cont	the boy is playing basketball with his friends .
cont	a group of people are watching a movie .
cont	the boy is playing basketball
enta	the young boy kicks a soccer ball .
enta	the boy kicks the soccer ball
enta	a young boy kicks a soccer ball .
enta	the boy is playing soccer with a crowd .
8-150-4
neut	a boy is practicing for a soccer game
neut	the boy is trying to win the game
cont	young boy is eating a sandwich in a restaurant
cont	the young boy is sitting on a couch watching tv .
cont	the boy is sitting .
enta	a young boy is playing a game .
enta	the boy kicks a ball .
enta	the boy is playing a game .
8-150-8
neut	the boy is practicing in the stadium .
neut	a boy is winning the game of soccer .
cont	a boy is baking cookies .
cont	a young girl is about to score a goal .
cont	the young boy wearing shoes is at home plate .
enta	a boy practices a soccer ball
enta	a boy kicking a soccer ball .
enta	a young boy jumps a ball on a soccer field .
enta	the boy is going across the soccer ball .
8-150-16
neut	a boy is stuck towards the large crowd in a dark game .
neut	the young boy is excited at soccer .
neut	the boy practices soccer is about to start in the arena .
cont	nobody is playing a sport .
cont	a young boy sledding on a soccer field .
cont	a boy is jumping up for a basketball .
enta	a boy is playing soccer .
enta	boy steers a goal
enta	a happy brother plays a sport .
8-150-32
neut	a young boy has been playing for his family point of the hockey match .
neut	the young boy is getting ready to get ready to pick the game .
cont	the baseball is being unattended in the sandbox .
cont	a boy in an elevator is crying .
cont	a girl doing cartwheels at the baseball game .
cont	the old boy is playing on a soccer field .
enta	a boy is playing a game of people .
enta	older talk a soccer ball during a crowd .
8-150-147
neut	a kid is about to cook a sports ball .
neut	a young boy is playing soccer with a fast ball .
cont	a girl is shooting a bicycle off to the finish line .
cont	the little boy is raising the boy by a school .
enta	a boy in a sports cap plays the ball .
enta	a boy is upside a ball by the crowd .
6-150-8
neut	the boy plays soccer in the a group
neut	the boy plays soccer in the state park
cont	the old man is playing basketball in a field .
cont	the boy was playing in the living room .
cont	the young girl just got done playing outside .
cont	the boys were in the car the crowd
enta	the man kicks the ball to a crowd watches
enta	the young child is playing with his teammate
enta	the boy has a ball in a goal .
7-150-8
neut	the boy in a blue outfit is .
neut	a child has blue a jersey at
cont	a crowd of her karate are kicking the penalty
cont	the young boy is throwing ice cream .
cont	a girl is holding nothing
cont	the boy is fishing in the ocean
enta	a person is playing the goal .
9-226-8
neut	the boy is at a soccer tournament .
cont	a boy is on the couch
cont	an older boy is kicking a basketball in the park
enta	the boy is playing in a soccer field .
enta	a boy plays soccer in the air
enta	a child playing sports in a soccer game
enta	the boy kicking his ball .
a person is climbing a cliff wall that overlooks water .
8-150-2
neut	a person is climbing a cliff with a friend in the water .
cont	a kid sits on a cliff
cont	a person is sitting on a bench .
cont	the person is sitting on a bench .
enta	a person is in the water .
enta	a person is wet .
enta	a person is in the water .
enta	a person climbs a cliff .
8-150-4
neut	a person is playing .
neut	someone is climbing the mountain to get to the top .
neut	a person is climbing a cliff to get a tan
cont	a person is cooking dinner
cont	the person is surfing .
cont	the boy was watching tv
cont	the person is climbing a tree
enta	a person climbs a cliff .
enta	person is climbing the cliff wall .
enta	the person is climbing the wall .
8-150-8
neut	a young person is climbing his hill with his friends .
neut	a child is climbing the rocks in the pool .
neut	a climber is taking a selfie in the water .
cont	the person is sitting at the rock wall
cont	a man is watching tv
cont	she is naked and climbing a cliff .
cont	a person is rafting on the lake .
enta	the person is by a water .
enta	a person with their arms on is climbing a cliff wall .
8-150-16
neut	the water is green and white .
neut	a person is about to go on a boat .
cont	a guy is surfing .
cont	a person types an mysterious bowl .
enta	a person is on the wall
enta	person is climbing the wall .
8-150-32
neut	the person is very deep
cont	a person is not hurt of trees
cont	a man climbing a cliff in the desert .
cont	a person is looking out at an elevator .
enta	a person is climbing a snow view .
8-150-147
neut	the person is dressed as sun and climbing a wall .
neut	the person is putting up the bay of the canyon .
neut	a man is climbing a path of the lake .
neut	a person is climbing a wall before the canyon .
cont	the person is relaxing on the lake to go home .
cont	a person is jumping off the mountainside wall .
enta	a person is climbing a cliff .
enta	a person is looking at a cliff .
6-150-8
neut	an old man in a suit is climbing up
neut	the snowboarder will a rock wall by water
neut	the kid will climb the cliff into the water
neut	the kid was climbing a cliff the water
cont	the surfer was sitting in the sand the water
cont	the man sits on the couch in the park
enta	the human climbing the cliff behind the water wall .
7-150-8
neut	the cliff wall has on his house .
neut	a person is practicing with others
cont	a child gets ready to ride a tricycle
cont	a child is sleeping a dog .
enta	a person is being a rock
9-226-8
neut	a person is looking camping for their mothers in the mountains .
neut	a man is climbing
neut	an artist climber hangs from a cliff for a group .
cont	a person is in the house
cont	a person is standing in the middle of the lake .
cont	a person is sleeping at home .
enta	a person is in the wooded
enta	there is a person doing a rock climbing .
a man is reading a newspaper in a car dealership .
8-150-2
neut	a man is reading the newspaper on his way to work .
neut	there is a man reading the newspaper on his way to work
cont	a man reads a book in his car
cont	a young girl reads the paper to her car
enta	a man is in a car
enta	a man is reading a newspaper in a car .
enta	a man is reading a newspaper .
enta	a man is reading the newspaper .
8-150-4
neut	a sad man reads a newspaper in a car .
cont	a man is reading a book in a car .
enta	the man is reading a newspaper .
enta	a man reads the newspaper .
enta	a person reads a newspaper outside a car .
8-150-8
neut	an asian man looks to buy a paper .
cont	a man in the car is going for a walk .
cont	a woman drinking an airplane
enta	a man is reading a paper in his car .
enta	guy is being held .
enta	a man with a newspaper is holding a paper .
enta	the man is looking at a paper .
8-150-16
neut	a man is reading an newspaper to the store to buy .
neut	the man has a hat of beverages .
cont	a guy reading a book in a car .
cont	a man riding a horse .
cont	a man is writing books outside
enta	a man wearing a card is reading a newspaper .
enta	a person reads only one 's .
8-150-32
neut	a man taking notes from his mechanic .
cont	the man 's eyes are sleeping
cont	a guy falls while the newspaper at the bus is checking .
cont	a man is skateboarding down the sidewalk .
enta	a man is not standing on a car .
enta	a man is reading the newspaper on the driver 's car .
8-150-147
neut	the man is reading a red model mercedes .
neut	the man is reading the newspaper while his nephew .
cont	a man is reading a book from a red car .
cont	an old man is reading a book on corner .
enta	the man is reading while each other .
enta	a man is reading a newspaper in a car .
enta	there is a man reads on a photographer .
6-150-8
neut	the guy was reading a newspaper in home
cont	an old woman is riding a bike alone inside
cont	the boy rode his car to the store
cont	a kid is reading the newspaper at home
cont	the guy reading the newspaper in the living room
enta	the man was reading a newspaper in the car
enta	a human is reading a newspaper in the car
7-150-8
neut	a person is reading a newspaper in class .
cont	one woman is holding his daughter outside .
cont	a girl is reading up on the car .
cont	a lady is walking with a monkey
enta	one guy is reading the newspaper .
enta	a person looks at something inside his car .
9-226-8
neut	a man is going to the store
neut	a teacher is sitting and reading a book car .
cont	a man inside his car is driving through the car
cont	a man is driving his car to the baby .
cont	the man is standing in the car
cont	a woman paying a vehicle on a car
enta	a man is reading
man in red shirt about to have a barbecue
8-150-2
neut	the man is a professional chef .
neut	man about to cook some meat
neut	a man is grilling dinner for his family .
cont	the man is eating a sandwich in a restaurant .
cont	a man is sleeping on the floor .
cont	the man is wearing a red shirt and looking at the sky .
cont	man eating lunch at home
enta	the man is wearing a red shirt .
enta	a man is wearing a shirt .
enta	a man is cooking .
8-150-4
neut	he is grilling meat .
neut	a man is making a meal for a family .
cont	a man wearing blue shirt is about to eat a meal at the restaurant .
cont	a man has a blue shirt .
enta	man at a grill .
enta	a man is at the grill .
enta	a man offers a food
8-150-8
neut	the man is having a good time .
neut	a man is playing in the food next to a friend .
neut	a man is getting his work in a restaurant .
cont	a woman in a green shirt is watching a friend .
cont	an older woman is taking a nap .
cont	a man is sitting at his living room .
enta	a man is going to open a barbecue .
enta	a man is using a toy in a barbecue
enta	a man is at a barbecue .
8-150-16
neut	a man is drawing a grill on his head .
neut	the man is buying the dish from the grill .
cont	the man is playing baseball .
cont	a dog is sitting at a table with a meal .
cont	the man is knitting a blanket .
cont	she eats into a barbecue
enta	the man is wearing a shirt with food .
enta	man cleaning table
8-150-32
neut	a man is cooking for others .
cont	a dark smock lies is being shot on .
cont	a man is sunbathing on halloween day .
cont	the man is wearing a swimsuit and forth .
cont	man wearing a suit cat
enta	a man wearing red collar using a cooking barbecue .
8-150-147
neut	a man is keeping his food and placed in a restaurant .
neut	a man is wearing sunglasses on his head .
cont	the man in the yellow shirt was sleeping while his food .
cont	a woman sleeps on the bed
cont	the man is angrily quietly from the dessert .
cont	the man is taking a long tree
enta	a man is being pulled at a barbecue .
enta	a man in a shirt takes a purchase .
enta	a man in red holds a , stand in between .
6-150-8
neut	an event wearing red shirt is a good .
cont	the man was wearing a black shirt .
cont	an adult drinks the grill in his kitchen
cont	the old man was sitting in a restaurant .
cont	the lady was wearing red shirt in blue
enta	a man is trying to make a meal
enta	the man smokes a grill and standing .
enta	the guys wearing red shirt is in red
7-150-8
neut	an elderly man is preparing out a person
neut	a child is looking out at the food outside .
neut	this cook that popped the man .
cont	the table table are are on fire .
cont	a puppy sleeps on the couch playing .
cont	a child is playing on top of green there .
cont	the old man is driving were jog .
enta	a guy going to a barbecue .
9-226-8
neut	a man is wearing an order to his pet looking for the fish .
cont	a man is sitting down and eating dinner in his kitchen .
cont	a man with a blue shirt and jeans eating a snack stand
enta	a person .
enta	a person is making noise .
enta	the man has a shirt on
a woman runs by in the foreground as other competitors stand on the sideline .
8-150-2
neut	a woman is running from a man .
neut	a woman runs by the other racing on the field
neut	the woman is a professional .
cont	the woman is sitting on the ground
cont	a woman is sitting in a chair
enta	a woman is running .
enta	a woman runs by the other stand .
8-150-4
neut	a woman is at a marathon .
neut	an old woman runs by the marathon .
neut	a woman and her daughter are running a marathon together .
neut	a woman is running a marathon to get a tan .
cont	a lady sits on a couch .
cont	a woman is playing the piano
enta	the woman is at a place .
enta	a woman running
8-150-8
neut	the women is running at the park .
neut	a woman is helping her friends play in the park .
cont	woman running across the park
cont	a woman and child are sleeping in bed .
cont	the woman drinks all of the park .
enta	the woman has a ball
enta	woman is running .
8-150-16
neut	the woman is pretending to be a killer .
neut	a woman is running after a long day of work
cont	a woman bowling over the moon .
cont	the woman is running behind the man while on the sofa .
enta	the woman is participating on front .
8-150-32
neut	a woman on her team was running during the marathon .
neut	a female looked for an adventure adventure .
neut	the woman is hot and colors on the same team .
cont	the woman lost inside a subway .
cont	a man is lying down on the grass .
cont	a woman is running standing on the bench .
enta	a woman during the same place
8-150-147
neut	a woman is running a turn to be released .
neut	the woman is warming over the side of a stadium .
cont	a man running is playing cricket with others .
cont	a woman is speeding a unicycle in the summer .
cont	a woman drives down the door walk in the wilderness .
enta	the woman in the winter weather is wearing safety gear .
6-150-8
neut	an old woman is running in a park
neut	an old woman in the middle of a game
neut	the women runs the ball with the ball
cont	the couple stands on the beach in church
cont	the boy walks in the middle of the .
cont	the couple stands on the beach playing soccer
cont	the boys sit in the middle of grass
enta	the women runs past the group of people
7-150-8
neut	a woman trying to go a lunch break .
neut	a person is enjoying himself
neut	a sad woman running on the sidewalk .
cont	the little girl is performing on a classroom
cont	some women making video games in the countryside .
cont	a women is drinking beer while her friend
enta	a women is playing a game outdoors
9-226-8
neut	a woman is trying to take in the marathon during the game .
neut	a woman is blocking the city for her dog .
neut	a woman is getting ready to meet her team of win picture .
cont	a woman sits and having dinner in the kitchen .
cont	a woman is on a bench
cont	one of it is raining at the street .
enta	a lady is running down the street .
enta	a woman runs in the street
a woman in an orange shirt is enjoying food in a public setting .
8-150-2
neut	the woman is at a party
neut	a woman is at the doctors
neut	a woman is at a party .
cont	the woman is in the middle of the ocean .
enta	a woman is sitting outside .
enta	she is at the public .
enta	a woman is eating
enta	the woman is at a public setting .
8-150-4
neut	a person preparing for a party .
cont	the woman is not wearing a shirt outside .
cont	there is a woman dancing .
cont	a person is eating food in the kitchen .
cont	the woman is standing by the pool
enta	a woman is getting food .
enta	a woman enjoying food .
enta	a woman is eating .
8-150-8
neut	a woman just got off the subway .
neut	the woman is making food for her family .
cont	a woman is taking a shower .
cont	the woman is eatting food .
enta	the food carries a woman in orange .
enta	the woman in a shirt is eating a meal .
8-150-16
neut	a woman makes a funny speech on the fair
neut	a woman is having a family
cont	a woman runs on the sidewalk .
cont	the woman going swimming in a large pool .
enta	a woman is preparing food .
enta	a woman is selling food outside .
8-150-32
neut	the woman is looking at the boy 's vacation .
neut	a woman talking to herself table of a public umbrella .
neut	the woman is going place to go into a new stand .
cont	the woman is drinking from a block wheel .
cont	woman dancing in golf country .
cont	a woman drinks an ice cream cone .
enta	a person in a suit eating food
enta	a person is looking outside in public .
enta	they are out of clothes in a city .
8-150-147
neut	a woman is taking a bottle of fish .
neut	an chinese woman is grilling food for the lady .
neut	a woman is prepairing over a piece of meat .
cont	a woman in an green shirt and dark boots sits on a table .
cont	the woman is in the dentist .
cont	an snowboarder is stealing food to a .
cont	a woman is being horrible by her pet .
enta	a woman is near a block with food .
enta	a woman is eating food .
6-150-8
neut	an individual wants to eat food for the day
neut	the women just got done food in the .
cont	an adult drinks the food in a restaurant
cont	the boy was sitting in the grocery store .
cont	a guy is baking cookies at the beach
cont	the boy was sitting in the public outside .
enta	the lady has a food in a shirt
enta	the human eating food in the public area
7-150-8
neut	the woman works on her birthday party
neut	this woman and a girl are grilling something
cont	a lady is running for a few job .
cont	the little girl is hunting on the road
enta	a lady of food by a woman in orange .
enta	the woman has a orange uniform .
enta	a woman is performing on
9-226-8
neut	a woman in black is making food to eat .
cont	a woman is working on her hospital .
cont	a man is selling fruit
cont	a woman is driving in the road .
enta	a person eating food and food
children play on a sit-and-spin at the local playground while others slide in the background .
8-150-2
neut	the children are playing in the park .
neut	the kids are playing with their toys .
cont	children are sitting on the couch .
cont	two boys are swimming in the ocean .
cont	kids are playing video games .
cont	children are playing video games .
enta	kids are playing on a playground while others watch .
enta	kids are playing on a playground .
enta	children are playing on a playground .
enta	children play on a playground while others watch .
8-150-4
neut	the children are very happy
neut	children are at a park
cont	children are laying on the couch
cont	the children are swimming
cont	the child is swimming .
enta	a group of kids are playing outside .
enta	the children are playing on the playground
enta	children are at a playground with a slide .
8-150-8
neut	kids play in a big park and have fun on the park bench .
neut	some kids are playing toss over a large crowd
cont	a cow barking at the children .
cont	kids sleeping in a bed .
cont	there are children playing a video game .
enta	children are playing .
enta	kids are in a playground .
8-150-16
neut	they are played catch
neut	siblings at a sporting event in front of the playground
neut	children play on a war war .
cont	the children are playing soccer on the beach .
cont	children are on a sofa playing cards .
cont	children playing video games at a gym .
enta	a group of children are in the picture .
enta	children play on a playground .
8-150-32
neut	one kids shows off his children
neut	people are on the toys and they are screaming
neut	the children are nine the teenagers fingers in the playground .
cont	children play a boardgame with cats .
enta	the children are pulling in the playground .
8-150-147
neut	the children prepare to jump on the river .
neut	a group of kids are playing high games in the park .
neut	mexican boys and a judge are playing on a hike .
cont	push are playing through the casino .
cont	the children are snarling outside in the river .
enta	children are climbing in the air .
enta	there are children playing outside at the park .
6-150-8
neut	the boys played on the playground with the family
neut	the children play on a game in the park
neut	the children play on a game and they watch
neut	the children play on a game of fabric
cont	the boys play on the playground at home
cont	the children play on the playground at home
cont	the boys play on the playground floor outside
cont	some children playing on a beach in a field .
enta	the children play on the playground playing outside
enta	the kids playing on a game in front
7-150-8
neut	a person goes to the car ride .
neut	kids are learning how on each other .
cont	a bunch of people are climbing
cont	the children are on their lunch .
cont	a child is skiing down to a funeral .
cont	the children are rolling their apartment .
enta	a crowd of children are pushing on a playground outside .
9-226-8
neut	some kids on a birthday party are playing .
neut	the kids are playing on a large slide for the first time
cont	the children are in the park on the beach .
cont	kids are running around a park on a sunny day .
cont	kids at a birthday party eating breakfast .
enta	children are playing outside in the park .
a group of people riding bikes in a marathon as people line the street .
8-150-2
neut	a group of people are riding bikes in a marathon for the first time .
neut	a group of people riding bikes in a marathon for their friends .
cont	the people are in the car .
cont	the people are sitting in the living room .
cont	the group of people are sitting in a chair .
enta	there are people in a marathon .
enta	a group of people are outside .
enta	some people are riding bikes .
enta	a group of people riding bikes
8-150-4
neut	a race is about to start up .
cont	people are riding bicycles in a park .
cont	some people riding bikes in a park .
cont	people are sleeping
cont	the group of people are riding in a car .
enta	they are at the marathon .
enta	the group of people are riding bikes past the street .
enta	people are riding bikes .
8-150-8
neut	the group of people are training for a bike ride for the charity .
neut	the group of people are ride their bikes for the first time .
neut	they are racing .
cont	a bunch of skateboarders are riding the bus .
cont	people riding bikes in a field .
cont	a large group is listening to a concert .
enta	the people are riding a bike .
enta	a group of people are riding bikes in a marathon .
enta	people ride bikes on the street .
8-150-16
neut	one bunch of people in the marathon win competition .
cont	the street is not desolate the street
cont	people are drives a car in the country .
enta	people are riding bikes in a marathon .
enta	a group of people enjoy together 's neighborhood .
8-150-32
neut	the people are learning for a bunch of children .
neut	some people are riding bikes in the city .
cont	the people are n't behind another of bicycle .
cont	the people are jumping in the middle of a marathon .
enta	a crowd is riding bicycles with a crowd of people are in the marathon .
enta	there are people riding animals .
enta	there are several people racing in the street .
enta	two people are riding bikes outside .
8-150-147
neut	a group of people are shopping for race to watch .
neut	people are dodging a motorcycle in the marathon .
cont	a group of people are running down the road to people .
cont	a group of people are riding bicycles down a road .
cont	the people are running on the marathon marathon .
enta	a group of people are riding their bikes .
6-150-8
neut	the men on the bikes are the street
cont	an empty street with people riding 's bike
cont	the boys were running in the a store .
cont	the friends sitting on the bench in silence
enta	at a marathon with people riding bikes outside
enta	the crowd rides bikes in the marathon together
7-150-8
neut	a family practices new park bike
neut	a group people from marathon track trying .
neut	a few people ride the marathon towards their house
cont	some tourists ride their bikes in an empty trail
cont	the group is eating from the library .
cont	the dog is eating in orange
enta	a person is playing on people outside .
enta	the two people is under a group of people
9-226-8
neut	a group of people are trying to get their hands up .
neut	some people are trying to win a race on a bicycle race
neut	bicyclists race through the street to get to the bike race
cont	a group of people are walking in the park
cont	a boy is riding the bus
cont	a group of people are walking on the street
enta	a group of people ride their bikes down the street
a black dog runs along the green grass carrying a toy in its mouth .
8-150-2
neut	a dog is playing in the green grass .
neut	a dog is playing fetch with his owner .
neut	the dog is chasing a toy .
cont	a dog sitting .
cont	a cat eating a biscuit .
cont	a dog is sleeping in a crib .
enta	a dog is playing outside .
enta	a dog runs outside
enta	a dog carrying a toy .
enta	a dog is outside .
8-150-4
neut	the black dog is trying to catch a ball .
neut	the dog is chasing a cat .
neut	the dog plays with a ball .
cont	the dog is napping .
cont	a cat is playing with a toy in the grass .
cont	the black dog is eating dinner .
cont	the dog is white
enta	a dog carries a toy .
enta	the black dog is carrying a toy in its mouth .
enta	a dog is carrying a toy .
enta	a black dog is outside with his toy .
8-150-8
neut	a dog is returning a toy red and blue .
neut	a dog is playing fetch with his owner .
neut	a dog chasing after a cat .
neut	puppy carries a toy in its mouth .
cont	nobody is carrying birds
cont	a black dog is chasing a cat down the street .
cont	the animal is climbing the tree .
enta	a black dog is chasing a toy outside in the grass .
enta	the black dog is on the grass .
enta	the black dog is outdoors
8-150-16
neut	the dog is chasing a tennis ball onto the lawn .
neut	the dog is carrying a bottle .
neut	a dog is pulling a toy through the grass .
cont	the dog is laying down on the field .
cont	a brown dog running through a field .
cont	the white dog has a spider
cont	a dog is running through the sprinkler .
enta	a dog is running behind them
8-150-32
neut	a small dog runs to see a tree in the middle of his mouth .
neut	the dog is exploring someones the cats
cont	the dog is not running and driving around the house .
cont	the dog is running with her cat .
enta	a black dog runs outside on the grass .
enta	the animal is chasing a toy .
8-150-147
neut	a dog was running through a field very to be her dog .
neut	the dog is going to pick up the toy .
neut	a dog is running at the snow with toy .
cont	a black dog sits with black grass in its mouth .
cont	the dog 's dog is white and blue
cont	the brown dog is running away from the sidewalk .
enta	a dog is running with a toy .
enta	a dog is running with a toy .
6-150-8
neut	the dogs carrying the toy to the toy outside
neut	an animal runs to catch a ball to eat
neut	the dog loves to his owner in the grass
cont	the dog was sleeping in the parking lot
cont	the dog was sleeping in the living room
cont	a boy is sitting in the living room
enta	an animal carrying something in the picture outside
enta	the dog runs through the grass carrying .
7-150-8
neut	animals playing ball his toy to make a walk .
neut	a puppy is about an outdoor competition .
cont	one woman is dressed in a dress .
enta	a person is using metal tools
9-226-8
neut	black dog plays with marbles in a park and looking for his owner .
neut	the man is running after his dog outside
neut	a small dog is running away from his owner
cont	the pet is cooking
cont	the black dog is on a sandy sled .
cont	a cat is sleeping in the rain .
enta	the dog is outside in the grass .
man laying on a platform outside on some rocks .
8-150-2
neut	the man is laying on a platform for a friend .
neut	the man is in the park .
cont	a man is sitting in a chair .
enta	a man laying on a platform outside .
enta	the man is laying on a platform .
enta	a man is outdoors .
enta	a man laying on a platform .
8-150-4
neut	man holds out his favorite boat
neut	he is a professional
cont	a man is eating a sandwich outside .
cont	he is jumping rope .
enta	man is laying on the side of the rocks .
enta	the man is laying on the side of the rocks .
enta	a man laying down .
enta	a man laying outside .
8-150-8
neut	a man is a gymnast
neut	a man is getting ready to laying on the ground .
neut	the man is happily on a platform .
cont	a man is taking an rope outdoors .
cont	a man is on a boat at the park
cont	a man is taking his dog in a parade .
cont	the man is sleeping in the park
enta	a man is laying on the ground with rocks .
enta	a man is lying in nature .
8-150-16
neut	a man is laying his bare hair on his head .
neut	a man in big winter gear stuck .
cont	a construction worker is riding a horse .
cont	a girl in a suit laying outside .
cont	a bald man is cooking dinner inside .
cont	a man is looking at the ocean
enta	a man is resting in the rocks .
enta	an man is laying outdoors .
8-150-32
neut	the man is waiting for a date .
neut	a man cuts the large scene on some rocks .
cont	the man carried a off drill on the other rocks .
cont	a man living in his garden , , and a dog barks him .
cont	a man is sitting under a store .
enta	a human crawls on a outdoor barrier .
enta	a man is cleaning the long of rocks .
8-150-147
neut	an old man taking tuesday in the canteen on his neighbor .
neut	a man is looking on winning a mountain on the wooden gate .
neut	a man is laying on a platform and prepares .
cont	the man is installing his car before pounce .
cont	a man stands in the bleachers knitting while taking a break .
cont	the man is setting his football on the seashore .
enta	the man is working in front of the rocks .
enta	the man is outside on the ground ,
6-150-8
neut	the man just got a nap in the .
neut	an old man in the middle of his house
cont	the boys were playing in the sand the room
cont	an old woman is sitting on a park bench
cont	this angry man is sitting in his car
enta	the guy laying in the air construction outside
enta	the guy laying on the platform is outside .
enta	the men were on a balance beam .
7-150-8
neut	some people wear the color for the summer .
cont	no female jumps on the shore .
cont	a women lies under rocks after drowning .
cont	a mother is playing with his daughter .
enta	a person has his hands off the rock .
enta	a person lays outside on their rock rocks .
9-226-8
neut	a man with no shirt on to the two children is playing outside .
neut	a construction worker in the street is standing on a road .
neut	an old man rolling down the road to get to the ground .
cont	the man plays in the middle of the street has a ball of his hands
cont	the men are in the forest .
cont	a woman is near a building .
enta	a man is on the street
a man in an urban area is sweeping the sidewalks , with a group of people in the background , crossing a street .
8-150-2
neut	the man is a professional street artist .
neut	the man is a professional for a long time picture
cont	the man is cooking dinner .
cont	the man is on a bench .
enta	a man and a group of people are sweeping the street .
enta	people are outside .
enta	a man is sweeping the street
enta	there are people outside on a street .
8-150-4
neut	the group of people were taking a break
neut	the group of people are trying to get a lot of people at a party
cont	a man sits on the beach in the middle of a field .
enta	there are people hanging
enta	a man is sweeping the street
enta	a man is sweeping the street with a group of people .
enta	a group of people making a street .
8-150-8
neut	the road is small
neut	someone is waiting for a bus .
neut	the road is new and the men are working .
cont	a woman is waving a group of people
cont	the parade is indoors .
enta	a man is next to a group of people walking .
enta	a man sweeping the road with a group of people in the city .
8-150-16
neut	a fool competition has many people on the road .
neut	a group of friends work together in the road .
cont	a naked man climbs the street
enta	a group of people acts in a street .
enta	a man is near the road with others
enta	a group of people are outside near a street .
8-150-32
neut	a group of females are carrying down home after complete of a criminal .
neut	a man in the middle of a worship day day to go night .
neut	the man was a trucker and is the tour .
cont	a man is in a harbor wall under a tree .
cont	a man is cutting their tire in a park
cont	a woman in jewelry takes a presentation on the concrete area .
cont	the man is relaxing in front of people .
enta	a man is cleaning the street with people in an alley .
enta	a guy striking by a street .
8-150-147
neut	a person is talking to a group of people taking the turns .
neut	a man is about to go to go upstairs .
neut	a man is trying to find a busy sidewalk .
neut	a couple people cart the streets in front of a black and bridge .
cont	these travelers sit near the sidewalk of a tall building .
cont	a man and grandmother standing in a building drinking the weather .
cont	a group of people are swimming in the streets .
enta	the people are performing in the street with a group of people .
6-150-8
neut	the man just got out of his car
neut	an adult sweeps the street with a large group
cont	the man sits on the bench reading a book
cont	the lady runs in the middle of rain
cont	the men run in the middle of rain .
enta	a human is sweeping the street in woods
7-150-8
neut	some people on the red street people .
neut	a person is taking a break outside in the alley .
cont	a person runs at the local bar .
cont	the two the street has a building .
cont	the peoples are watching the football game .
enta	a person is playing in a road
9-226-8
neut	a person is making out his umbrella on the sidewalk
neut	man trying to make a taxi on the street
cont	the man and child are all outside .
cont	the man is on fire
cont	the man is at home eating dinner
enta	a man jumps to the street to get wet .
a town worker working on electrical equipment .
8-150-2
neut	a city worker is working on a project
neut	a city worker working on a project
neut	the city worker is working on the equipment for the job .
cont	the person is sleeping on the couch
cont	the person is working on the floor .
cont	the person is working on a car
enta	there is a person working .
enta	the town worker is working on equipment .
enta	a person is working .
8-150-4
neut	a man is trying to get a lot of equipment .
cont	a man is driving a car .
cont	a man is buying a sandwich .
cont	a person is playing golf .
cont	the worker is drinking water .
enta	the worker is doing a job
enta	someone is working on equipment .
enta	a worker works with the equipment .
8-150-8
neut	a local worker working hard a new equipment
cont	a man is preparing to destroy his hands .
cont	a man is building his house working of a large room .
cont	a man is at a local library next to a school .
enta	the construction worker is fixing the equipment .
enta	people working in a machine .
8-150-16
neut	the emt is showing off for his boss to arrive .
neut	an old woman working hard on medical equipment .
neut	the worker is working on his patient .
cont	a small child sleeps on a hot day .
cont	the worker 's call 's office to work .
cont	a group of naked dancing on the street .
cont	the worker is playing on a frozen lake .
enta	a street workers model working .
8-150-32
neut	a elderly person prepare to work on their phone
neut	the worker is working on the oven to retrieve windows .
cont	a lifeguard is using a pottery equipment .
cont	some man is there are sitting on an audience .
enta	a train is working or working .
enta	a worker is working before his worker .
8-150-147
neut	the man is putting on something to his job .
neut	the man is working for a car , open .
neut	a person is working on a tile building .
cont	a guy is riding a boat .
cont	a man sits on the beach looking at two people .
cont	a street worker is making paper out of the airplane .
enta	a worker is working on equipment .
enta	the street is a few worker .
enta	a person is working on the construction equipment .
6-150-8
neut	the police worker working on the construction site
neut	an old man in the city working new equipment
neut	the guy working on the building is working .
cont	no one working on the equipment is working .
cont	an empty building digging down in a field .
cont	the men were in the middle of office
enta	the police working on the building are working .
7-150-8
neut	working is getting on repairs for his construction worker
neut	the man uses for a town to tanker
cont	a girl is performing on the ground .
cont	a girl is looking at a gas hazard .
cont	a woman is watching the news
enta	the worker was on the worker .
9-226-8
neut	a worker is at work at the north .
neut	a worker is working on the phone .
cont	a man fixing a basement during a party for his girlfriend .
cont	the person is eating a treat
cont	a businessman is watching tv
cont	an adult sleeping in the middle of a suitcase
enta	the worker is using a tool .
enta	a person working to computer
enta	a worker is working with tools .
a white man in the shower has fashioned his hair into a mohawk hairstyle using soap suds .
8-150-2
neut	a man is using a large bubble bubble to make a lot of food .
neut	the man is a farmer
neut	a man with a white shirt is using a large bubble bubble to make a
cont	a woman is doing a trick .
cont	a man is cooking
enta	a man is using a large object
enta	the man has a white chair .
enta	the man is using a tongue .
8-150-4
neut	a man is taking his hair to the dentist 's home .
neut	a man in a bar with his hair is very hard
cont	man is sleeping in a chair .
cont	a man is sitting on the couch .
enta	the man has hair
8-150-8
neut	a white man examines his facial hair to a wedding .
neut	a white man with gloves on
cont	the woman is drinking from a plastic .
cont	the white man is drawing a fire
cont	a white man is serving food .
enta	a man is dressed to make a piece of ice .
enta	the man is near .
enta	there is a person and a dog .
8-150-16
neut	the man in the dark is pretending to be a large box for his friends
cont	the man with the collar is watching a movie in a competition .
cont	a man is playing catch
cont	a woman is relaxing on a sofa by herself .
enta	glasses is touching a sharp hair .
enta	a man wearing a white outfit is using a vacuum .
8-150-32
neut	a man can plan to enjoy their ice cream .
cont	a man cleaning up lake .
cont	a man is chasing after his eyes
cont	a man has no hair in the water .
cont	an older man is making a muffin sign by the house .
enta	a man is cleaning her hair .
enta	a white man wears rings is cool .
8-150-147
neut	a man is welding a small hair properly .
neut	the man is making a beverage mouth .
cont	an asian man puts a flip on his hair alley .
cont	a man is mowing a tree while from play hopscotch .
enta	a man is stacking a flower .
enta	a person in the cold face and a floral hair is using him .
enta	a man is hanging his hair out .
6-150-8
neut	the boy made a large mixer to the .
cont	the men sit in the kitchen on the couch
cont	the dog was sitting in the a house .
cont	the boy sat in the kitchen eating lunch
cont	the white woman is standing in an empty room
enta	the guy got a mohawk and a wig is outside .
enta	the man 's hair is the glasses with hair
7-150-8
neut	the white man is reaching for his friend
cont	the guy cooks ice for dinner
cont	the man has a purple in the hair
cont	one woman is eating and his girlfriend outside .
cont	the black man sits down on vacation
enta	a male is showing something 's outfit .
enta	a guy plays in front of his hair .
enta	a male person is posing in motion .
9-226-8
neut	a tall man enjoying a drink
cont	an old man having a fun of people swimming .
cont	the man is driving a car .
cont	the black man is indoors .
cont	woman throwing football
enta	a white asian man is partially down
a man is taking a scenic photo of mountains while framing the foreground with low-growth , colorful brush .
8-150-2
neut	the man is a model
neut	a man is taking a photo of a mountain in a competition .
cont	the man is in the ocean .
cont	a man is sleeping .
cont	a woman is taking a photo of a mountain
enta	the man has a camera .
enta	a man is looking at a photo .
enta	there is a man working on a project .
8-150-4
neut	a man is walking home from work .
cont	a man is working on his car
cont	a man is sitting with a cat .
cont	the man was alone in the mountains .
enta	a man is on a cold photo .
enta	a man is on the mountains .
enta	man on a sunset .
enta	a man takes a photo of the mountains .
8-150-8
neut	a man is holding a scenic new pictures .
neut	a man is climbing a large mountain for a wedding .
cont	the man is driving a tour .
cont	a woman and a man are watching tv .
cont	a woman wearing a blue shirt is taking a picture of the mountains in the
enta	a man with a camera is painting a mountain .
enta	a man dances with a photo of mountains .
8-150-16
neut	a man teaches a scene of his house .
cont	a dad wearing pants is watching another man play with his friend .
cont	a man eats an surgery .
cont	a man smokes in the sun
enta	a man taking a picture of the mountains
enta	a guy looking at the mountains
8-150-32
neut	the man likes to the same trees
neut	the man of a lead lead of mountains .
cont	a giant man onto his poster in a mall .
cont	a man is holding a top shopping bags from a country .
cont	a man is working at the hotel .
cont	a guy away on the camera in his backyard .
enta	the man is thinking with a piece of mountains .
8-150-147
neut	a man is about to give a bush while standing .
neut	a man is trying to put a castle .
cont	a salesman is making a fort on the ocean .
enta	a person has a painted painted map .
enta	a man is with an object of mud .
6-150-8
neut	the husband has a photo of his owner
neut	the husband and wife take photos of the mountains .
neut	the tall dressed man enjoying the same time
cont	the man plays with the photo is sitting .
cont	the lady was sitting in the living room
enta	the boy was taking a photo of mountains .
enta	the man takes the photo of the mountains .
7-150-8
neut	a tall person to take a magazine .
cont	a person is talking to the ocean
enta	some person is with the camera .
9-226-8
neut	he is showing off his hands
neut	a man is making picture picture on his face camera to take a picture on
neut	a man is about to take a picture .
neut	the man enjoys the day picture .
cont	a person sitting on the couch
cont	a man is sleeping on the bus
cont	a woman using a metal camera to take a picture .
cont	the man is using a black to take in the middle of the lake .
enta	photographer holding something on camera
enta	the man is holding his hands outside .
a man plays mini-gold on the sportscenter set while two others observe .
8-150-2
neut	a man plays with a ball .
neut	a man plays with his friends .
neut	the man plays with his friends .
neut	the man is playing with a friend .
cont	a man plays with his friends on the ground .
enta	the man is on a game .
enta	the man is playing a game of two other people .
enta	a man is playing .
enta	a man is playing a game of two other people
8-150-4
neut	two friends are playing a game
neut	a man is playing poker .
cont	two people are walking down the street
cont	a man sleeping in his bed .
cont	a man and a woman are at the beach .
enta	a human plays music
enta	two people are playing music
enta	people are on the top of a scene
enta	two men are together .
8-150-8
neut	a kid has the books of the others .
neut	a man is playing with his friends while playing a guitar .
neut	a man plays his new gig on the beach
neut	a man is making a sword in the air to help people .
cont	a woman plays with the purple bear .
cont	the man is sleeping in the shade .
cont	a woman watches the man from a stream of four wheeler .
enta	a man is the other people play .
enta	a man is using skills .
8-150-16
neut	a man plays his favorite song on his friend .
neut	a group of people have just a movie about to win
cont	the man is playing a video game on his couch .
cont	a family walking in a car down a hill
cont	a kid wearing no green plays in a game of other others .
cont	the married plays with the doll in his hands .
enta	there is a man playing with other people .
enta	man is playing with other other people .
8-150-32
neut	today is a family press the local music .
cont	a man is riding the ground at the bar .
cont	the man is drinking a cup of potatoes .
enta	man is both using trick
enta	a couple poses in restaurants are by their lips .
8-150-147
neut	the man is playing a guitar for the others .
neut	two men are performing for extra of test .
cont	the man is drinking inside a table .
cont	the man is running , playing a game of bees .
cont	the man is playing basketball on a city street .
cont	a woman is hitting a water paint .
enta	a man playing with others on the video game .
6-150-8
neut	the men plays a game of their games
neut	the man practices his shirt to a soccer .
cont	the couple sitting in the store in church .
cont	an adult is playing with his dog .
cont	the boys play with the top of the game
enta	the man play on the top of them
enta	a player is on the top of side
7-150-8
neut	the news with the men was wearing costumes
neut	the huge man was hit the olympics .
neut	the huge man is standing
cont	a child in blue stomps on the floor .
cont	a family is punching at steak
cont	a couple of women perform a stunt .
cont	a couple of people is wrestling inside .
enta	one person looks are all standing
enta	one person does his signature on the two people
9-226-8
neut	a man is watching the day party
neut	the man is a professional skateboarder
neut	the is a competition for a large crowd .
cont	a concert in an empty field in front of the crowd .
cont	the man does not have his special shirt
enta	a person with clothes is on the floor , while another man watches .
enta	a man is performing a trick in the air .
enta	there is a man who is juggling in the air
woman being photographed near a bicycle .
8-150-2
neut	a woman is taking a break .
neut	a woman is taking a picture of a bicycle .
cont	a woman is sleeping in bed .
cont	a woman is sleeping on a bench .
enta	the woman is not standing by a bike .
enta	a woman is outside .
enta	a woman is standing near a bicycle .
enta	a woman is standing outside .
8-150-4
neut	a woman waits for her ride .
neut	the women are taking pictures of the bike .
neut	the women 's bike is about to go to the store .
cont	a man is walking through a bicycle .
cont	a woman is walking through a park .
cont	a man taking pictures of the ocean .
cont	the women is driving a car .
enta	a woman is inside a bicycle .
enta	a woman has a bicycle .
enta	a woman poses for a picture near a bicycle .
enta	the woman is being photographed in a bike .
8-150-8
neut	there is a woman riding a bike to work .
neut	the woman smells the bicycle .
cont	a female with her photo taken is riding a motorcycle .
cont	a man is riding his motorcycle down the street .
cont	a dog is skiing down a hill .
enta	a person is riding her bike .
enta	a woman is looking at the bike .
8-150-16
neut	a woman is enjoying their time day by the bike .
neut	a woman is out at a bike ride .
neut	a woman look for her bike while walking on a bicycle .
cont	a naked woman sitting on a bench near a bicycle .
cont	a woman is looking at the bus stop .
cont	the women is waiting on the street .
cont	she 's digging in the middle of a forest .
enta	the woman is showing the photo of a bike
8-150-32
neut	a woman has front of her parents
neut	the woman is holding a hood line .
cont	a woman is looking at the ocean .
cont	a woman is looking on an atv
cont	a woman tears from an american sky .
enta	a woman with colorful hair looks near a bicycle .
enta	the women behind the bicycle has a camera .
8-150-147
neut	the woman is putting her neck .
neut	the woman is bored because he fell in the bicycle .
cont	a woman passed by a model into the street .
enta	a woman is doing something to balance a bike .
6-150-8
neut	the women enjoys the bike on a bike
neut	the mother takes a photo of her favorite friend
neut	the women take a photo of her friends
cont	the lady was sitting in the living room
cont	the dog eats a sandwich in a field
cont	the guy jumps into the air in the city
cont	the lady sits on the beach at home
enta	the lady walks near the bicycle in his hand
7-150-8
neut	the young woman is wearing red .
neut	a female doing tricks on her way home
cont	some people dancing in a bicycle doing handstands .
cont	a women tries a video together
cont	both no camera are flying on outside .
enta	a woman looks near an umbrella .
9-226-8
neut	the woman is trying to get a picture of the car .
neut	a woman poses for a photo on her bike .
neut	the woman is riding a bike to the mall with her friend .
cont	a dog is laying down on the grass .
cont	the woman is buying tickets in a bar .
cont	the man is standing on the sidewalk and waiting for a picture .
cont	the woman is riding a bike down the street .
enta	a person is looking at the bike .
a group of girls ride an atv .
8-150-2
neut	the girls are in a race
neut	a group of girls are in a race for a crowd .
neut	a group of girls are in a race
cont	the girls are sitting in the living room .
cont	the girls are in the living room .
cont	the group of girls are sitting on a couch .
cont	a group of girls is sitting in a chair
enta	girls are riding in an atv
enta	the girls are riding
enta	a group of girls are riding the atv .
enta	a group of girls ride a atv .
8-150-4
neut	the girls were taking their first vehicle to the store
cont	some boys ride an atv
cont	a group of men are riding an atv .
enta	a group of girls ride an atv .
enta	girls are riding the vehicle
enta	a group of kids are in the snow .
enta	girls are playing outside .
8-150-8
neut	several girls are taking a tour to the tour de france .
neut	everyone is going to the same event .
neut	the girls look for wedding dog ride an atv .
cont	the girls are naked
cont	a group of boys are on the beach .
cont	the girls are sitting at home .
enta	there are girls sitting at a drag in a vehicle .
enta	some girls are enjoying on a atv .
enta	a group of children on the atv ride a atv .
8-150-16
neut	girls riding a train after race .
neut	four girls are riding an atv 's clothes .
cont	a group of men are not boarding anything
cont	boy dumping another atv in a park .
cont	the girls are inside a class bar .
enta	the group of girls are together
enta	the girls are on the atv .
8-150-32
neut	girls dance at the festival .
neut	a concert performance is on beds .
neut	the girls have fun having the same green girls .
cont	the group of friends are all around in a field .
cont	a boy are rolling a ride
cont	a dog all dressed in the ground .
enta	people riding in a scene .
enta	a group of girls walk inside a device .
enta	girls are outside a device .
8-150-147
neut	three young girls ride a heart to the top of a ramp .
neut	a group of girls are working for a routine
neut	a group of performers are riding high support .
neut	the girls are currently getting their first time .
cont	a pair of girls are riding a boat during the winter .
cont	some boys run on an open farm .
enta	the friends are indoors in front of a light .
6-150-8
neut	the girls riding the atv is a girl
cont	one of the girls is playing video games
cont	the boy was riding his bicycle on tv
cont	the boy jumps on the waves with the tv
enta	the girls ride an atv in an atv
enta	the kids ride the atv in a wheel
7-150-8
neut	a girl is with the atv tourist .
cont	the little boy is riding a horse .
cont	the group helps not ride the atv engine
enta	a females carefully carries the atv .
enta	one girl flying over the vehicle .
9-226-8
neut	the girl had a school on their dad .
neut	the group of girls are riding a amusement ride as they were having fun .
neut	people girl were racing their age age at a train station .
cont	the group of girls are inside watching tv .
cont	the boys were sitting on a skateboard ride
cont	a group of boys sit down
cont	a group of girls is riding a train .
enta	a group of young girls are on a street .
a football player in a blue and yellow uniform is tackling another player in a white and gold uniform .
8-150-2
neut	the player is a woman
cont	the football player is playing baseball .
cont	the football players are playing basketball .
cont	the players are playing basketball .
enta	the football player is playing football .
enta	a football player is holding a ball .
enta	a football player is wearing a blue and uniform .
enta	the football player is playing a game .
8-150-4
neut	the football player blocked the player for the game .
neut	a football player runs to the other player
neut	a player is a professional player .
cont	the player has no clothes .
cont	a football player is taking a shower .
enta	a person is playing football
enta	two people are playing football .
enta	a player plays a game with a white and yellow uniform .
enta	the football players are playing a game with a white .
8-150-8
neut	the person is performing at the game .
neut	the kicker swings the winning team with the game .
cont	a child plays with a green uniform .
cont	no one is watching the football player .
cont	a man hits the baseball with a white and yellow uniform .
enta	two player in uniform are playing a game .
enta	a football player takes the game with his player .
8-150-16
neut	the photo is for two 5
neut	a black player is starting for a football game .
cont	some little girls fell asleep
cont	the player is walking on the beach .
cont	the players are fighting over a video game .
enta	a person and the grey play is scored .
enta	people play football .
8-150-32
neut	a player is hurt to rival things .
cont	the football player is playing baseball
cont	this musician is playing hockey with a friends
cont	the teams have dressed bears .
cont	the football player is only out of any player .
enta	a football player is playing lesson .
enta	a person is wearing clothes .
8-150-147
neut	two para team jump over a double team .
neut	a player celebrate his football winning in their bowling shoes .
neut	a sports game being winning a big game .
cont	a person is drinking a picnic .
cont	a baseball player is running with a chess .
enta	a football player is getting wet up
enta	a person is standing in the circle with his players .
6-150-8
neut	the player wants to play the championship game .
neut	the player won the game is winning
neut	the players with a football uniform is outside .
neut	the player enjoys the football game for the game
cont	the player was running around in an empty field
enta	the players with a uniform are playing the football
enta	the player sees the other player in white uniforms
enta	an athlete doing a sport in a white shirt
7-150-8
neut	a person is taking the first football match
cont	a girl is running her coffee
cont	no dogs are on their feet chair .
enta	this person just is a field .
enta	an athlete is playing a game in line .
9-226-8
neut	football player practice for the ball .
neut	two players are getting ready for a concert
neut	a football player is kicking the ball
neut	a person is playing football for the first time .
cont	nobody is being played .
cont	a player is eating dinner in the moonlight .
cont	nobody is playing a game .
enta	the football player is wearing a white vest .
an older perhaps asian man who is wearing a sleeveless shirt with quite a few people in the background .
8-150-2
neut	a man is trying to get a lot of people
neut	the man is wearing a helmet .
neut	the man is wearing a helmet .
cont	a man is wearing a black shirt
enta	the man is wearing a shirt .
enta	a man is wearing a shirt
enta	people are wearing clothes .
enta	the man is wearing a shirt .
8-150-4
neut	a man is posing for a picture .
cont	the man is holding a dog while a woman .
cont	a asian man and woman are dancing in the park .
cont	a man sits on a bench .
enta	a man is wearing a shirt and a crowd .
enta	a guy is wearing a shirt .
enta	the man has a shirt on is wearing a shirt .
8-150-8
neut	a man watches the mans and child .
neut	a man is opening a couple of people to a painting project .
cont	an asian man is walking along the beach .
cont	an older man is driving a car .
cont	a elderly asian woman is naked and frowning .
enta	there are people watching a man .
enta	the person is looking at the man .
8-150-16
neut	the old person wants to take his picture
neut	the man is wearing his suit to work .
cont	the male is over the moon
cont	old man holds a stick in his hands .
cont	the man is knitting a red statue .
enta	an old man is near a person .
8-150-32
neut	a elderly man with an asian looks dressed is outside and his friends watch
neut	a man celebrates his first dance on display in his african .
cont	a couple of asian lady are in a hospital .
cont	a boy looks at the sun out of cotton
enta	the man is looking at the people
8-150-147
neut	a man is joining a farmer getting drunk .
neut	a fat person in a shirt holds onto their next board .
neut	the male man is dressed as a motorcyclist .
cont	the woman is running around a nursing office .
enta	a young groom displays some one of people in the background .
enta	there is a couple in the circle with a person .
6-150-8
neut	this is a picture of the man outside
neut	the man enjoys the of of his grandmother
cont	the old man was wearing a black shirt .
cont	an asian woman with a dress is outside
cont	the asian woman has a shirt on tv
cont	the guy has a black shirt and is asian
enta	the man stands in front of the background
enta	an asian man has a shirt with people
7-150-8
neut	a family gets ready for the first time .
neut	someone was wearing a t-shirt getting ready together .
cont	the old man rides his bike outside outside .
cont	a couple is eating lunch outside .
enta	a child is with the people
9-226-8
neut	the man likes he was at the park
cont	a little man is looking at the sky
cont	a man is playing video games at home .
cont	the grandfather woman played the game of baseball with her friends .
cont	a person is reading a book .
enta	a man has his hands in his hand
a group of woman wearing scarves on their heads crowd together next to a building .
8-150-2
neut	a group of women are waiting for a bus to start .
cont	the women are wearing red sweatshirts and their hands in the kitchen .
enta	there are women in a building .
enta	a group of women are wearing shirts on their heads .
enta	a group of women are wearing shirts
8-150-4
neut	woman seeing her wife
neut	women are trying to get a shirt
neut	the crowd is wearing their hands to avoid the building .
cont	there are no women .
cont	a group of men are wearing their hands and are standing next to a building
cont	a group of men are walking through a park .
enta	people are gathered together
enta	the crowd is being recorded by a woman .
enta	the women are holding something .
enta	the woman was there
8-150-8
neut	several women are waiting for someone to finish .
neut	the group of women are going to play music .
neut	a group in blue tank in front of a building .
cont	the women have no legs .
cont	a woman in white showing off the crowd at the bar .
cont	the woman is not in line
enta	some people are talking in front of a building .
8-150-16
neut	the woman is trying to pick out the child .
neut	the women are gathering for a concert .
neut	a group of people are about to cook .
cont	the woman is driving her cab down the road .
cont	there is a guy riding a horse through the woods .
cont	the women is sitting at their desks .
cont	a group of woman perform ice skating in a field
enta	group of woman people with display group .
enta	there are only a group of people .
enta	a group of women has dark hair .
8-150-32
neut	a group of women are giggling
neut	the older woman has a bottle at the show .
cont	the people are racing down a path that 's being chased .
cont	a boy and women are sitting at paper ''
cont	an old man cutting over a mountain
cont	a boy is looking at the floor .
enta	someone is having a customer .
enta	a woman dressed as casual attire standing outside .
8-150-147
neut	a woman is happily and telling to make a complete .
neut	the two women are trying to get out of their building .
neut	the women are in the street waiting for a concert .
cont	a group of women wearing jeans are sitting by a building .
cont	a woman is laying with an empty bowling drummer .
cont	an woman is shooting a heart out of
enta	a group of woman wearing scarf perform near a building .
6-150-8
neut	the couple just got done a break from work
neut	the couple stands next to the grocery store .
cont	the women sat in the park eating the outside
cont	the women sit in the middle of outside
cont	the men were sitting in the living room
cont	the women sit in the middle of their rooms
enta	several people in the crowd are wearing robes
enta	several people are wearing scarves on a building
7-150-8
neut	woman are preparing to ride a friend .
neut	a women is giving some at a
cont	a lady is cutting her friend off .
cont	the female park near a building .
cont	a bunch of people are eating a slice in water .
enta	a women near a building are a
enta	a bunch of people watch a
9-226-8
neut	a group of women wearing helmets are waiting for someone to the building .
cont	the women were dressed in blue
cont	a woman is practicing before the park .
cont	the woman is eating at a restaurant .
enta	a group of people in all are standing on the bench .
enta	the woman is standing around with two people .
man and a woman walking on the street
8-150-2
neut	a man and woman are walking in the street to the store .
cont	the man and woman are sitting on a couch .
enta	a man and woman are walking on the street .
enta	there is a man and a woman walking .
enta	a man and woman are outdoors .
enta	a couple are walking .
8-150-4
neut	the man and woman are going home .
cont	a man and woman are driving a car .
cont	the man and woman are sitting at a table .
cont	a man is sitting on a bench , and a woman .
cont	two people walk on the street in a park .
enta	two people are walking outside on the street .
enta	a man and a woman are walking .
enta	a couple are walking on the street .
enta	two people walk on the street .
8-150-8
neut	a father and woman have fun to walk on the street .
neut	an cart walking the street
cont	a man and a woman are listening to music .
cont	the man and woman are in a field .
enta	two people are walking .
enta	a man and woman are getting a walk
enta	on the street are being painted by a man .
8-150-16
neut	there is one man and his wife walking on the street .
neut	they know her mother
neut	the man and woman are all construction on something .
cont	a man and woman are riding bikes through the park .
cont	a woman and daughter riding a horse through the park .
cont	the man is alone on the sidewalk .
enta	there is a man and a woman are on the street .
enta	a couple on the street
enta	a couple walk together
8-150-32
neut	some people walk in the city .
neut	two people are walking to school .
neut	the man is holding home with his kids .
cont	a man and woman walk into the park .
enta	a couple are walking on a city street .
enta	a male and a woman walk down the street .
enta	there were someone and woman outdoors .
8-150-147
neut	two people are walking to tokyo
neut	a man and woman are enjoying a mountain rise .
cont	a man and woman are jogging down the street .
cont	woman riding a bike
enta	two people are walking down the street .
enta	a man and woman walking on the street .
enta	a woman and woman is walking down the street .
6-150-8
neut	the couple walk on the street to the street
neut	the tall man is wearing a red shirt .
neut	the man walks to the store . walking
neut	the women walk on the street in asia
cont	the women sit in the middle of .
cont	the man sits on the street corner alone
cont	three people are sitting in the living room
cont	the men and woman sit on the grocery store .
enta	the couple walk on the street on the street
enta	the women and a woman are on the street
enta	the couple walking on the street is walking .
7-150-8
neut	a guy is walking with a child
neut	a couple is traveling with the red man .
cont	some people is holding the car
cont	a child is holding a woman in bed .
enta	a person walk along a street
enta	a couple are close a man .
9-226-8
neut	newlyweds and walking on the street is moving for a movie theater .
neut	a couple walks down an street carrying shopping .
neut	a man and three women walk past the town to an airport .
cont	there is a man and his son sitting on the couch .
enta	the man and a woman are outside .
enta	a couple and woman are walking .
enta	a man and woman are walking down a street
a man in a gray shirt sorts through hawaiian style shirts in a department store .
8-150-2
neut	a man in a gray shirt is looking through a large new store
neut	a tall human with a shirt .
neut	the man is a farmer
cont	a woman is eating a sandwich .
cont	a woman is eating
cont	a man is wearing a blue shirt
enta	a man in a gray shirt is working in a store .
enta	there is a man looking through a store
enta	there is a man in a gray shirt .
enta	a man is wearing a gray shirt .
8-150-4
neut	the native man is making a mess .
neut	a sad man with a gray shirt is looking through a store in a store
neut	a man is buying a new dress .
cont	the man is wearing a purple .
cont	a man in a suit .
cont	a girl sits at a table with her friends .
cont	a man is watching a movie at the theater .
enta	man wearing a gray shirt is looking through the oriental store .
enta	a man is looking through a colorful shirt on the store .
enta	a man in the looks is looking through the air .
enta	a person is making a mess into the air
8-150-8
neut	there is a person dressed for a wedding .
neut	a man in a gray shirt is trying to find his latest on the beach
neut	a man is getting his lunch break in a store
neut	he waits for his friend .
cont	a man is looking at a car
cont	a man with no shirt is not working in his office .
cont	a woman is about to make a new shirt .
cont	a man is playing xbox with his wife .
enta	the man is wet
enta	a man works in the store .
8-150-16
neut	a guy is a chef is done with his friends .
neut	a man is completing to phone a long time .
neut	their image is an audience
neut	a man is buy buy at a sale .
cont	a runner fell on his opponent .
cont	a dog goes inside .
cont	the lady is drawing alone on the floor .
enta	a man is standing next to a store .
enta	a man with a shirt is outside of a business store .
8-150-32
neut	a man in a cowboy shirt is performing for the day .
cont	the man is looking at the bible .
cont	the man has frozen the cake
cont	a man gets ready to play sand water
enta	a man wears an object in the store .
enta	a man in a gray shirt is working .
enta	a man is doing something to swim .
8-150-147
neut	a boy is discussing something to do a friend .
neut	a man is yelling at an opening up the store .
cont	a man is showing off an elephant .
cont	a man is surrounded by sitting in the park .
cont	a man looking at the turkey on a living room store .
enta	a man is being pulled by a man .
enta	a man is preparing to wearing jeans .
6-150-8
neut	a man is looking for something to eat
neut	the young man loves the shirts in the store
neut	the tall person in a gray is black .
cont	an adult stands in the middle of grass
cont	the girl was playing in the park alone .
cont	the boy was playing with the beach in disguise
enta	a human is performing in front of store
enta	the human make a traditional stand behind .
7-150-8
neut	the gray shirt was cold .
cont	the boy is lying in a tree .
cont	the ballet man flies away from
cont	a woman looks out on a couch
cont	the black lady shows the school school
enta	a person has something on the karate shirts .
9-226-8
neut	a person is looking in the mall for the store .
cont	a woman is reading her book .
cont	the man is sitting in the dump
cont	a cat eats food
enta	a man is using an clothing shop .
a band performing with a girl singing and a guy next to her singing as well while playing the guitar
8-150-2
neut	the band is playing for a crowd .
neut	a band is playing for a crowd .
cont	the girl is playing the flute .
enta	a band performs in front of a guy and girl is performing in front of
enta	the girl is playing music
8-150-4
neut	they are performing for a crowd
neut	a band performs at a concert .
cont	two people are dancing .
cont	the band plays the drums at the bar .
enta	two people are playing music .
enta	people are playing instruments .
8-150-8
neut	a band performs an annual band member of the concert .
neut	two people are going to play music .
cont	the band sat in the room .
cont	the band was entirely silent .
cont	the girl is sitting in the grass .
enta	the band of the band is performing a song .
enta	a group of people are using their guitar .
enta	there is a girl singing .
enta	a band band on stage
8-150-16
neut	a singers and a man sings for a large crowd at the concert .
neut	the child is a very professional singer
neut	two people are putting on a concert live .
cont	nobody is playing the guitar
enta	a girl is performing
8-150-32
neut	a girl is singing in the corner of the band .
cont	a person plays marbles in the street .
cont	a girl plays the earphones in front of his band .
enta	a trio of people are playing music while listening to music .
enta	the people dance with their band .
enta	the band playing music while people watch .
enta	the person playing is singing .
8-150-147
neut	a football band is performing for an band .
neut	a woman is singing in a play for her teacher .
cont	the band is playing past a flaming band .
cont	two people are eating in a room eating .
cont	two men are performing for a man .
cont	a man and his husband make a symphony
enta	a group of music is playing stage with a singer .
enta	a girl is singing into a guitar .
6-150-8
neut	an old man is playing an instrument .
cont	an old man singing and playing a flute .
cont	the boys were playing in the a store .
cont	the women were playing a game with friends
enta	an african man is performing with a lady
enta	the man and woman sings and playing the guitar
7-150-8
neut	the music plays on stage of crowd
neut	the girl was the band for a crowd
cont	a person is throwing rocks at the park
cont	a girl performs in her band , drinking soda
enta	the music musician performs the musical performance
enta	a lady is singing for an audience of .
enta	a couple sings and singing the instruments
9-226-8
neut	the girl is playing at the concert
neut	the band is playing for a girl
neut	a girl is going to play her guitar on stage .
cont	the band is going to play a piano .
cont	a group of people play the tuba and the sun were on the ground .
cont	a woman drives her car to the store .
cont	the man plays the piano in a mariachi home .
enta	a group of peopel are singing
enta	a person plays the guitar
two small children are gathering water from a large container .
8-150-2
neut	the children are at the beach .
cont	two kids are playing with a ball
cont	the kids are sleeping
cont	two children are playing in the sand .
cont	two children are playing with a ball in the water .
enta	children are at a large container .
enta	the two children are in water .
enta	children are at a large small container .
enta	children are at a large container .
8-150-4
neut	the small children are wearing water suits and fishing .
neut	two small children are preparing to swim in a lake
cont	there is only one person in the picture
cont	two children are swimming .
cont	a dog is playing with a ball
cont	two children are sleeping on the floor .
enta	the kids are gathering
enta	two kids are outside .
enta	two small children gather together .
enta	there are two children outdoors .
8-150-8
neut	it is the children 's favorite color .
neut	an asian couple is watching water at a birthday party .
neut	the children are not happy .
neut	the children are looking in a fountain .
cont	the two children were in a car
cont	three small children are carving in a bowl .
cont	two boys and two women are playing video games .
enta	some two children are watching water .
enta	two children are working in the water .
8-150-16
neut	two large mothers have in each other .
neut	the children are well well .
cont	two boys are at the beach .
cont	a small man is sitting by a car .
cont	older and children are taking a bath .
enta	two children standing on water .
8-150-32
neut	one children is teaching two sons to water .
cont	two kids are playing basketball
cont	two toddlers are ridding of the house .
cont	each people in restaurant
enta	two young children sitting under a large water .
8-150-147
neut	the kids are standing discussing the water to their .
cont	the toys are very empty by a small couple .
cont	the children are juggling the dead on a small plate .
cont	the children are asleep in the small raft .
enta	two children are outside .
6-150-8
neut	the parents wait for the water to be dried
cont	the boys sit in the middle of water
cont	the children sit in the water from their bed
cont	the boys sit in the middle of the water .
cont	the children were playing in the grocery store
enta	the children gather to get in water .
enta	the children gather to get water from water
enta	the child gets wet from the large container outside .
7-150-8
neut	some children listening to the small children
neut	a couple swim to a pool outside .
cont	a couple swimming the pool ocean diving .
enta	kids prepare in water to a large container .
9-226-8
neut	two children are near the water to open the house .
neut	the two kids are friends
neut	two children are going to the lake .
cont	the two children sit on a couch in their boat .
cont	it is dark
enta	two people are taking in the water .
enta	they standing near water .
enta	two children are on the water .
a dirt bike rider riding through the woods over logs .
8-150-2
neut	the dirt bike rider is competing in the woods .
cont	a person is riding a bike in the middle of the street .
enta	a person riding a bike .
enta	a dirt bike rider is outside
enta	the rider is riding through the woods .
enta	the person is in the forest .
8-150-4
neut	the biker is going to catch a stick .
neut	a man rides his bike to work .
neut	a man is trying to win a race .
neut	the dirt bike rider is trying to win a race .
cont	the dirt bike rider is riding a horse .
cont	the man was sleeping on the ground .
cont	a rider rides on the beach .
enta	a dirt bike rider riding through the forest .
enta	there is a dirt bike in the woods
enta	a person rides his bike .
8-150-8
neut	a bmx racers racing down the dirt road
neut	a dirt bike rider is doing tricks on a red bike .
neut	a bike rider getting ready to go on the bike .
neut	a rider getting his job for a race .
cont	a bmx rider is going down a dirt bike .
cont	the dirt bike rider is sitting down .
cont	someone is walking with a child .
enta	someone is on a dirt bike .
enta	the dirt bike rider is riding a dirt bike in a dirt path .
enta	a dirt bike is running .
8-150-16
neut	the dirt biker is in battle of the jump .
neut	a dirt bike rider races through the woods .
neut	a jockey is trying to get a hike on the trail
neut	a dirt bike rider is outside the ski lodge on the woods .
cont	a bicycle rider is riding a bicycle up the road .
cont	a sledder of a car in the woods .
cont	a girl tries to get home on the beach .
enta	a person riding rides over trees
enta	a dirt biker with dirt objects
enta	the driver wearing the dirt bike riding through the woods .
8-150-32
neut	a dirt bike rider is running over it .
cont	a rider is driving on the dirt .
cont	a dirt racer at a dirt race from a gas station .
cont	a man is climbing to a house .
enta	some dirt are people on a dirt road .
8-150-147
neut	the groomed bike to a race competition .
neut	the cyclists are being pulled to finish other balls .
neut	a mountain rider is driving a dirt bike .
cont	the biker is in the middle of a wooden field .
cont	the dirt bike is flying over a trampoline .
enta	a dirt bike is driving through a forest .
enta	a bicycle rider is on her dirt bike .
6-150-8
neut	the rider rides his bike to his house .
neut	an old bike rider on a bike
cont	the dog was riding on a dirt bike
cont	the dog plays with the ball on him
cont	an athlete jumps in the middle of water
enta	the rider was riding through the woods over .
enta	the rider bikes his bike through the woods
enta	the rider rider in the woods on the woods
7-150-8
neut	the rider does the big flip white
cont	a girl is dressed rides an airplane .
cont	all women is flying over the trees .
enta	this person is jumping up the woods .
9-226-8
neut	the leaf rider is cutting his dirt bike .
neut	a guy rides his bike to catch his sled .
neut	a rider rider his dirt bike in the park .
neut	a person was there playing at night
cont	a man is cooking his laundry in his house .
cont	a man is driving a dump trail .
cont	an dirt biker sits on the beach .
enta	a biker travels through the dirt .
enta	a dirt rider is on the dirt bike outside .
enta	a motocross rider is riding in the dirt .
elegantly dressed in black , a man and woman embrace in dance .
8-150-2
neut	the people are happy
cont	the people are sitting in a chair and wearing a green dress .
cont	the man and woman are sitting in a chair and sleeping in the park .
cont	a couple are watching a movie together .
enta	the man and woman are having a conversation .
enta	a man and a woman are dancing
enta	the man is wearing a black shirt .
enta	the people are dancing
8-150-4
neut	people are dancing at a concert .
neut	a man and woman are dancing outside .
cont	three people are playing volleyball .
cont	the couple is riding a bicycle .
enta	two people are performing .
enta	a couple are dancing in the dance .
enta	the couple is dancing
8-150-8
neut	a mother and child are in the dancing .
neut	the man in black and the woman is holding a dance band
neut	a man and woman are posing for a picture
cont	a man and woman are naked together .
cont	the man and women are arguing in their graduation .
cont	a magician is watching a movie .
cont	a man is devouring the woman 's head of the church .
enta	couple dancing in a dancing .
enta	a couple dances in a dance .
8-150-16
neut	the couple put up for the same dance songs .
neut	the man is competing to be a professional .
neut	two ladies are about to perform in their dance .
cont	the man and woman chat in a restaurant .
cont	the man is playing soccer .
cont	two men in black and white coats are relaxing
enta	two humans dancing in live
enta	two people dance together .
enta	a man is wearing something on her face .
8-150-32
neut	a married couple is climbing the next chair outside .
cont	a pets girl 's daughter is sitting alone .
cont	a woman is sitting down and a man and woman .
enta	a couple of cloths dressed in black and sunny face .
enta	a person is having a ceremony in a dress .
8-150-147
neut	a man and woman are at a wedding for ceremony .
cont	the men are taking nap on a picnic .
cont	a man is entertaining a woman as no background .
enta	two people out of a hug
enta	three people and the man are dressed in black .
6-150-8
neut	the women perform for the crowd for tips
neut	the couple just got done married a dance .
cont	the man kisses his wife in a car
cont	the men were playing in the living room
cont	the men were playing in the living room .
cont	three people play in the pacific ocean
enta	three people are wearing black and a man
enta	the women and man were dancing in dance
enta	three people perform in the dance in the dancing
7-150-8
neut	a couple are dancing for a field outside .
neut	tall dancers enjoy a family together .
cont	the men is under dance .
cont	a person and a woman are bicycling .
cont	nobody was doing a in the dancing
enta	the up haired woman is on the dancers .
enta	some dancers are having the dance together
enta	a people hug is sitting inside
9-226-8
neut	the elderly man is enjoying the lady and child .
neut	the people are dancing in a park
neut	a man and a woman are dancing together in the rain .
cont	the people were at the beach
cont	a man is running from a dog
enta	a couple is dancing .
children playing on a playground .
8-150-2
neut	kids are playing on a playground in the park .
cont	the children are sitting in a chair .
cont	the children are playing video games .
cont	the children are inside .
cont	children are sitting on a couch .
enta	kids are playing outside .
enta	kids are playing outside .
enta	children are playing .
enta	children are playing outside .
8-150-4
neut	children are playing with a ball on a playground .
cont	a single person playing on a swing .
cont	the playground has no kids .
cont	some kids are sitting on a couch .
cont	man playing on the beach
enta	the children are on a playground .
enta	children are playing at a playground .
enta	children are playing on a playground
enta	children playing outside on the playground .
8-150-8
neut	some kids are trying to play in the park on a sunny day .
neut	little girls are bouncing on a trampoline .
neut	kids are running in a playground .
cont	everybody is watching people inside .
cont	the children sit on a bench in the park .
cont	the children are on the ground .
enta	some kids are playing at a playground .
enta	kids are playing on a playground
8-150-16
neut	children are playing games on a playground .
neut	children are searching for their mother .
cont	children are sitting and eating .
cont	children play on a hill
enta	the children making time time .
8-150-32
neut	children rest on a bench .
neut	children are using several of swords for donations
cont	the children are n't in front of a playground .
cont	2 children are playing video games
cont	the child has two no wet
enta	kids were at a playground here .
8-150-147
neut	kids stand in the playground and are playing a game of jump .
neut	a small children of adults are playing hide on a playground at park .
cont	a children are watching a football game .
cont	children are playing carrying a children cake .
cont	the children are watching on the farm
enta	the children are playing outside .
6-150-8
neut	the children play on the playground at the park
neut	the boys play on a playground playing outside .
cont	the children play with the ball in an airplane
cont	the children were playing in the playground pool
enta	the children play on the playground playing outside .
enta	the children play on a playground in a playground
enta	kids playing on a playground at a playground
7-150-8
neut	a children was running the playground to a funeral .
neut	a family has trouble off .
cont	the two are swimming
cont	the group is a small man of himself
cont	a child is lying on the front a playground
cont	a family is running up an island
enta	a child is outside a house .
enta	their walk on a playground are playing outside
9-226-8
neut	the children in a white dress are on a playground playground
neut	kids are crying because he can walk .
neut	some children are on the swing at the playground playing .
cont	kids are sitting on a couch watching .
cont	kids are walking around a park .
cont	the children are outside playing video games .
enta	children are playing with toys .
a brown and a black dog play in a field
8-150-2
neut	a dog playing with a ball in a field .
neut	the dog is playing fetch with its owner .
neut	the dogs play in the field with a friend .
neut	the dogs are playing with a ball in the field .
cont	the dog is sleeping .
cont	a dog sleeps on a field .
enta	there are two dogs playing .
enta	the dogs are playing .
enta	two dogs playing .
enta	there are two dogs in the field .
8-150-4
neut	the dogs are playing with each other .
neut	the black dog is chasing a cat
cont	a dog sits on a chair .
enta	dogs playing
enta	an animal playing with a ball .
8-150-8
neut	the dog carries a stick into it .
neut	a brown dog is playing at the park for her friends .
neut	a black dog is preparing for a soccer game .
cont	dogs swimming in the pool
cont	the dog is digging in the field .
enta	a black dog is playing in a field in a field .
enta	some animals peer
enta	a dog looks at animal
8-150-16
neut	a kid is performing a trick in the field .
neut	a dog paws up to play is in that field .
neut	a dog plays in a field with a stick .
neut	john sack is enjoying a day .
cont	a girl playing football
cont	a white dog is sleeping under a tree .
enta	the dog is in a field
enta	a well black dogs on something outdoors .
8-150-32
neut	the dog plays soccer and holding his owner .
cont	a white dog is destroying pieces of animals .
cont	a black dog licks its floor by a tree .
enta	there is a one dog in the field .
8-150-147
neut	a dog has just pulled on a trip .
neut	the dogs are having fun in front of a large field .
cont	the white dog and its other a ball up .
cont	a black dog plays in the grocery store .
enta	a black dog is playing near a field .
6-150-8
neut	the man plays with his owner in the field
neut	the dog was playing in his backyard .
neut	the brown dog is playing with a ball .
neut	the dog wants to play with his pet outside .
cont	the brown dog sits on the couch 's owner
cont	the dogs sleeping in the snow are playing
cont	the dog was sleeping in the grocery store .
cont	the dog sleeping on the couch is playing soccer
enta	an animal is playing in a field the field
enta	the brown dog is playing with a dog
7-150-8
neut	the dogs standing to catch him ride
neut	the black and dog is brown hair .
cont	the brown dog is hiding from an barn .
cont	the cat goes on the ground eating .
cont	the black dog is inside young
enta	one dog is looking on something together .
9-226-8
neut	the dogs are to watch the winning dog play .
neut	a dog and another dog are jumping in a yard .
neut	two dogs play the game with their owner at the park .
cont	a black dog and a dog run on the beach .
cont	the dog is drinking water
cont	a cat and women sleeping in the field .
enta	a dog is playing outside .
man walking with tall buildings with reflections behind him .
8-150-2
neut	the man is a farmer
neut	a man is walking to a store .
neut	a tall human walking
cont	man is on a boat .
cont	the man is walking with his wife .
cont	the man is sitting .
enta	the man is walking down the street .
enta	the man is walking with a buildings .
enta	there is a man walking with a man
enta	a man is walking .
8-150-4
neut	the man is walking home .
cont	the man is standing
cont	the woman with the man is walking with the buildings .
enta	a man walking with buildings .
enta	a person walking .
enta	a guy is holding wood
enta	a person walking with buildings
8-150-8
neut	a man is taking his lunch break .
neut	the man is going to work .
neut	the man is preparing for a date .
cont	a man with a lot of flowers is sitting in the sand .
cont	the man is sitting in the kitchen .
cont	a man in a blue shirt is jogging .
cont	a man is walking through the forest .
enta	the man is looking at something .
enta	a man is traveling by buildings .
enta	the man is gazing at something
8-150-16
neut	the man is talking to a joke .
neut	a man long sightseeing for his family
neut	man walking through the city
neut	the man is showing a present to a crowd .
cont	a man that is walking with an empty roof
cont	a woman is going over a bus .
enta	the person carries something is walking with buildings .
8-150-32
neut	a man is about to eat something out of the hole .
cont	the man got a walk inside the woods .
cont	a man is jogging through the grass with his hands .
cont	the man looks away into the fence and wearing a dress .
enta	the stairway is near this area .
enta	a man is walking near front of brightly .
8-150-147
neut	a young man is walking inside a building and taking a picture .
neut	a human is walking with a child of the church .
neut	the man is walking to get a wedding .
cont	a man on the beach , reading a book .
enta	a man is going to a wall .
enta	a shirtless man is walking with his buildings of a poverty .
6-150-8
neut	the old man was walking to a house .
neut	the couple was walking to the grocery store .
cont	the lady was walking with the man sitting .
cont	the boy was sitting in the living room .
cont	the boy sits on the couch and crying
enta	the guy with a walking with an object
enta	the men walk with the edge with the wall
enta	the men with the photo are walking on the outside
enta	the men with the man are walking outside .
7-150-8
neut	this guy looks at the window going down .
neut	a person looks at the city .
neut	a sad street has her a flat tire
cont	the two women was visiting the car race .
cont	a child is smoking beside a cat outside .
cont	the bird and its colors are
enta	a person is creating on a map .
enta	a person is enjoying a photo by outside
9-226-8
neut	a man with his cameras is walking to get to the store
cont	a man swimming is going to a camp .
cont	the man is indoors .
cont	the umbrella has nothing on it
cont	a man is inside watching tv
enta	a man is walking outdoors
enta	man moving against a wall .
enta	a man is standing in front of his walking up
a person in a striped gray and white shirt moves his bicycle past another man in a yellow shirt and blue pants .
8-150-2
neut	a man performs a stunt for his girlfriend
neut	two men jump for a bike race .
neut	the man is riding his bike to the store .
cont	two women are riding a bike .
enta	a person is wearing a jacket .
enta	two men on a bike .
enta	the man is outside .
enta	a person is riding a bike outside .
8-150-4
neut	one man is taking a break .
cont	the woman is making a car .
cont	the person is wearing a red shirt .
enta	a man pushes a bike outside .
enta	a person moves a bicycle .
enta	there is a person pointing a bicycle past another man .
8-150-8
neut	a man is watching another man riding a bike with his friends .
neut	the man is a woman
neut	the woman wins the cart and a yellow shirt
cont	two dogs sit on the road
cont	the man on his bike is making a woman .
enta	one person travels a bike up the side of a man and his bike .
enta	one man is holding a bike .
8-150-16
neut	a fisherman compete in a bike race performance .
neut	an athlete is teaching a new bike contest .
neut	the man likes how to ride a bike .
cont	the people in the striped shirt are trying to steal a red .
cont	a person never met a crime
cont	the men is having lunch break up indoors .
cont	the man , hit his bicycle past the man in the red shirt
enta	a person is riding a bike
8-150-32
neut	a man takes his bike drive at a track .
neut	there is a man competing on a bicycle during his daily .
cont	a man and two rocks are down an empty bike .
cont	two people ride houses in the sun .
cont	the picture skater is performing a stunt .
enta	a person in a suit was moving on his bike .
enta	rider heading with a man
8-150-147
neut	a person is trying to fix the bicycle full of food .
neut	a man and a bicycle walks along the mountain with a bicycle .
cont	a guy is laying in front of the beach .
cont	the man is trying to put push in his truck .
cont	a guy takes a red bike in front of another man .
cont	a man dressed in the red shirt and blue pants is riding a bicycle .
enta	a person holds a bicycle past a man .
6-150-8
neut	the couple wants to ride in a bike
cont	the dog plays with the man 's shirt .
cont	the man sits in the middle of grass
cont	the women were playing basketball in an alley
cont	the lady jumps into the water the water
enta	the guys make a bike in a shirt .
enta	the men in a gray shirt with a bike
7-150-8
neut	the men was riding to school
neut	a woman is taking the bicycle lane .
cont	a motorcyclist is flying a plane .
cont	a young woman looks on stage
cont	a person is flying a kite and standing .
cont	a woman is reading with the blue .
enta	this female is wearing something of short
9-226-8
neut	the man is riding his bike to work .
neut	the men are performing tricks on their bikes for a crowd .
neut	a person is getting ready to commit suicide on the bike .
cont	two women ride a bicycle down a sidewalk
cont	two men are driving a red bike .
cont	an old man is carrying a blue backpack
enta	a man was bike his bike with another person .
enta	a man is on the bike while another person .
enta	a man is wearing clothes
girl plays with colorful letters on the floor .
8-150-2
neut	the girl is playing with her birthday party .
neut	a girl plays with a cell phone .
neut	girl plays with her birthday party
neut	a girl plays with her birthday party in the park .
cont	a girl is eating a sandwich .
cont	a girl is sitting on a couch .
cont	a man on a beach .
enta	a human playing
8-150-4
neut	the girl has a white shirt .
neut	a person playing with her favorite picture .
cont	the girl is playing in the park
cont	girl playing with her dog .
enta	a girl is happy .
enta	a human playing .
8-150-8
neut	the girl sits with her sister and playing with the books .
neut	a girl playing with some two different beautiful on the floor of a school .
neut	a girl playing with toys on the floor .
cont	the girls are eating .
cont	the young girl is making cookies .
enta	a girl is making some decorated children .
enta	the girl is making a gesture .
8-150-16
neut	a girl is playing with friends .
neut	the girl is showing a speech on her first day .
neut	a girl enjoys hot chocolate and party .
cont	a woman is bouncing at the grass .
cont	a girl calls out to get into a park outside .
cont	the girl is swimming around a lake .
enta	a girl is playing with a lot of her hands .
enta	a girl swings on floor .
8-150-32
neut	a girl is yelling on the book .
neut	a girl rests due to her father .
neut	a girl performs in front of an asian school to cut .
cont	the girl is holding knives on the bed .
enta	the girl is acting and music .
enta	a girl is using technology of a room .
8-150-147
neut	a girl is wearing a wet suit .
neut	a girl is playing with a fancy game .
neut	a girl is with her hand just worked on the floor .
cont	the girl is all wearing anything .
cont	a girl is eating at a kitchen table .
enta	a girl is being photographed by a yellow light .
6-150-8
neut	an asian girl in a dress plays inside
neut	an african girl with a black red clothing play
cont	the girls play with the ball in the air
cont	an old woman is playing with the ball
cont	the boys sit in the kitchen eating .
cont	the boy was playing with a hula .
enta	an girl plays with the colorful on her outside
enta	this has an object of the girl 's .
enta	the girl play with the colorful on the floor
7-150-8
neut	girl practices the game to a funeral .
neut	a girl is laughing
neut	the school girl is on her wedding book .
neut	girl trying to go into a classroom
cont	no one was wearing the hat .
cont	boy is sitting inside of a building sign .
cont	a girl is throwing the ball together .
enta	this girl is playing a game is indoors outside .
enta	a man looks at something in the a girl
enta	a girls has a sheet has some colorful pictures .
enta	a child is dressed as a mother .
9-226-8
neut	a girl plays at her friend 's house .
neut	a young girl watches her daughter playing the cello at a wedding party .
cont	the girl is reading a book .
cont	girl is eating a pie
enta	the girl is in a room
enta	a kid is playing on a floor
a guy on a skateboard , jumping off some steps .
8-150-2
neut	a man is practicing his skateboard tricks .
neut	the guy is doing tricks on his skateboard .
neut	a guy is doing a trick on a skateboard .
neut	a man is doing tricks on a skateboard .
cont	a woman on a skateboard , jumping off steps .
cont	a man is riding a bike .
enta	someone is riding a skateboard
enta	the guy is riding a skateboard .
enta	a man is outside .
8-150-4
neut	man plays the game at the park
neut	the person on a skateboard is a professional skateboarder .
neut	a skateboarder is jumping for a boy .
neut	the man is doing a trick on his skateboard .
cont	a dog and his friend are having a party .
cont	a young girl riding a skateboard with a bag .
enta	a man is doing a skateboard .
enta	there is a guy jumping off the steps .
enta	a man doing a skateboard trick
8-150-8
neut	a man is about to fall off his skateboard at the park .
neut	it 's snowing outside
cont	a woman in a t-shirt practices on a sunny day .
cont	the guy is watching a movie .
cont	a guy is boxing with a gun and a gun .
cont	a female is doing a trick at the beach .
enta	the man is in a skateboard .
enta	a human riding
enta	there are several people playing together .
8-150-16
neut	the guy is in his backyard skateboarding competition
neut	a man falling down his skateboard for a new party .
neut	a man posing for balancing in his skateboard .
cont	the man 's skateboard is taking a bath
cont	a cat sleeps on a bench .
cont	a man riding their skateboard on a crossing .
cont	the man is hiking up a slope .
enta	a man high a skateboard does a trick .
enta	a guy goes on the steps
8-150-32
neut	a man is about to jump off his skateboard
neut	the guy has been faster onto the building
cont	the guy has been flip on the side of the house
cont	the guy enjoys a bike guitar .
cont	a man is eating lunch on the job .
enta	a person skateboard and jump into of a skateboard .
enta	a man is swinging on his skateboard .
enta	a guy is jumping off of steps
8-150-147
neut	a guy is at a second strike
neut	a man moves off , fast down to a ramp .
neut	a very bucket is trying to make a skateboarding .
cont	a guy with an empty shirt is doing injured .
cont	the bald man 's shorts are riding down the road .
enta	a guy is doing a skateboard towards the steps .
enta	a guy is jumping for a skateboard .
enta	a make guy with a skateboard .
6-150-8
neut	skateboarder on a skateboard while his mother .
neut	the man was practicing skateboarding on his skateboard
neut	an old man is skating on his skate board
cont	the guy rides his bike down the street
cont	an old woman is sitting on a park bench
cont	the guy was riding a bike on the road
cont	the girl was riding a bike at night
enta	the guy jumps off of the skateboard outside .
enta	the skateboarder jumps off the ramp while .
enta	the skateboard man on the skateboard has the steps
7-150-8
neut	a male is enjoying riding the skateboard
cont	a woman is cleaning the kitchen wheel .
cont	a lady sits behind a skateboard
cont	a crowd has no head skateboarding in the rain .
enta	the skateboard had something on a steps .
9-226-8
neut	a skateboarder is doing tricks on a ramp .
neut	a man does a flip for the skateboard .
neut	a man is doing stunts on the skateboard .
cont	the man is not wearing anything .
cont	the guy in the red is not jumping on a skateboard
cont	the man is eating pizza at the store .
enta	a man is doing .
enta	a guy skateboarding in a ramp .
two women playing field hockey on astroturf .
8-150-2
neut	the women are playing a game of monopoly .
cont	two women are in a restaurant eating lunch .
cont	the women are playing golf .
cont	two women playing volleyball on the beach
enta	two women playing a sport
enta	women are playing field hockey .
enta	two women playing field hockey .
enta	a couple of women play sports .
8-150-4
neut	two women are playing in a field on a team .
cont	two men play a game on a grassy field .
cont	the two women are playing basketball
cont	two women are playing basketball outside .
cont	two women are playing basketball .
enta	women are playing a game .
enta	the women are playing hockey .
enta	two women are playing sports .
enta	two women are outdoors .
8-150-8
neut	two friends are getting ready to play a sport .
neut	a group of people are playing field hockey for the same time .
neut	two sisters are playing .
cont	two women swimming
enta	people playing sports
enta	the women are in this picture .
8-150-16
neut	two friends play a game of soccer on hockey rink .
neut	two women just got a game of softball on a sunny day .
cont	two women making ice cream .
cont	two women hang a tall basketball .
cont	the men are playing tennis .
enta	two girls are outside
enta	two athletes playing in a field .
8-150-32
neut	friends are playing a game of soccer hockey .
neut	the women have just playing a hockey game .
neut	two people are attending a tea kicks point on the hockey .
cont	two women are eating lunch in the desert .
cont	two woman are eating healthy and cooking .
cont	two women play basketball on the field .
cont	two women are hiking through different sports .
enta	a pair of ladies playing a game outside .
enta	two people are playing sports
8-150-147
neut	two women pole their volleyball down to each other .
neut	two women are playing for a field game .
cont	a woman is shooting a football .
cont	two women are hunting wrestling in sand .
cont	two indian women play a game of soccer .
enta	a pair of women are enjoying at sports .
6-150-8
neut	one woman just got done playing in cold
neut	the women play in the snow with friends
cont	the men play in the snow at home
cont	the boys sit in the store at home
cont	the men were playing in the sand asleep .
cont	the women sit in the middle of the desert
enta	the lady was playing in the field hockey .
enta	the women play in the field playing outside .
enta	the ladies were playing in the field outside
7-150-8
neut	a women is putting a field to water
neut	one women is wearing swim trunks .
cont	a girl is putting swimming into her house .
cont	a single person stands at the basketball cup .
cont	a woman plays in her new school .
enta	this crowd is with a field outside .
enta	ladies is putting hockey in two .
9-226-8
neut	women are competing
cont	two men playing a sport while their dogs .
cont	two women play a game of basketball in the park .
cont	a group of women are playing chess in the pool .
enta	the women are playing outdoors .
a young boy in a black tee-shirt stands on the corner as two men parallel to him are engaged in some activity .
8-150-2
neut	the man is a professional .
neut	the two men are trying to get to the store .
cont	they are playing in a field .
cont	two men are playing a game of scrabble at a table .
enta	two men are working on a corner .
enta	a boy is standing on a corner .
enta	a group of people are outside .
enta	two men work on a corner .
8-150-4
neut	a young boy is trying to impress his son .
neut	two boys are playing a game of ball .
cont	a young boy is taking a nap .
cont	a young boy and two men are sitting together .
cont	a young boy is eating lunch
enta	a boy and two men are talking to each other outside .
enta	two men standing near two men standing on a corner .
enta	two boys standing by two men .
8-150-8
neut	a man is performing for his girlfriend at the state fair .
neut	a boy is on the corner with his friends
cont	the men are running in the park
cont	a young man is frowning while two men are crying .
cont	a woman is watching men sit down to get into a field .
enta	the men are outside
enta	the men are near the police .
8-150-16
neut	the boy 's favorite vest is performing in a parade in new york .
neut	the boys from a race was a young boy .
neut	there is a young boy doing exercise
cont	the couple are having a picnic in the park .
cont	a boy is swimming for an elephant by his father .
cont	a brothers of people are running on a street corner .
enta	three guys hold up two men .
enta	a child is standing on the corner .
8-150-32
neut	the child is playing a tribal games .
neut	a boy is waiting for the weather
neut	a young boy feeds his favorite tackle as another of which is on the corner
cont	a man missing a older man riding his sister 's home .
cont	a young girl out on the side of a building
cont	there are twins and a fire water home .
enta	a boy leaned along the corner .
8-150-147
neut	there are people who are working in a pile .
neut	a boy has been working for the morning on a dirt path .
neut	the boy is learning to stay how to go beside the door .
cont	a boy put into her room with the men on .
cont	the girls are traveling to movie an opera .
enta	a policeman is standing on the corner with two men .
enta	three people looking over the corner of a corner .
6-150-8
neut	the boy has been playing in a park
cont	the man sits in the middle of water
cont	the boys sit on the bench in the park
cont	the man stands on the side of grass
enta	the young boy stands near the man 's attention
enta	the boys stands on the corner of them .
enta	the men stand in the middle of the corner
7-150-8
neut	a person is taking class in the war
neut	a child is winning an event .
cont	the little cat is tanning
cont	boy is playing a woman in white .
cont	one young child is holding the ocean .
cont	a girl in her shorts riding a old building .
enta	young child are getting the air
9-226-8
neut	the boy is standing at a ball .
neut	a young boy happily playing a game of boston
cont	a teenage girl and her hair is doing their day in the library .
cont	a young child is sleeping in bed .
cont	the young boy is playing baseball in the street
cont	one person is smoking a cigar .
enta	a person is on the pavement .
a horse and rider are in midair as they leap over an obstacle in a wooded area with another photographer snapping pictures .
8-150-2
neut	a horse and a helmet are in a competition .
neut	the horse is a professional .
neut	a man and a woman are jumping over a fence .
cont	a man and a woman are playing in the woods .
enta	a horse is jumping over a wall .
enta	two guys are jumping over a fence .
enta	two horses are jumping over a fence .
enta	they are jumping in the woods .
8-150-4
neut	the rider is a professional jump off the jump .
neut	the man and woman are trying to win a race .
neut	a horse is trying to get a trick
cont	a man is riding his horse on a grassy field .
enta	a man is taking pictures
enta	a horse and a man jumps .
enta	a person jumping over a fence
8-150-8
neut	the people are tourists .
neut	the man is a professional photographer
cont	two woman are watching tv
cont	the three dogs have their picture taken
cont	there is a person in a bull drinking a beer .
enta	few people is riding a horse in the woods .
enta	there are many horse in the woods
8-150-16
neut	one of the horses and the rodeo are chasing the horse
cont	the man eats a rabbit
cont	the rabbits are riding bicycles up a mountain .
cont	a cow is sleeping at home .
enta	the picture are on a horse they
8-150-32
neut	a man is posing for a video in the mountains of the ocean .
cont	a dog flies back at the beach .
cont	the horse is climbing down a pool .
cont	the horse is on the moon
enta	a person is being launched over a picture .
8-150-147
neut	the long jockey is in hurry to be photographed .
neut	the fathers are throwing over and their animals .
cont	a girl pulls from the environment .
cont	a woman rides a pony as they walk away .
cont	they are taking their horses in the park .
enta	a lumberjack was outdoors in the rough area .
6-150-8
neut	the guy just got a horse while .
neut	the dog will ride his horse to work
cont	the dog was playing with the in bed
cont	the dog jumps in the middle of side
cont	the dog jumps over the obstacle of his horse
enta	the rider was riding a horse jumping .
enta	this horse is jumping over an obstacle course outside
7-150-8
neut	a family is holding an animal outside .
neut	a woman and the horse are riding green grass .
neut	the group celebrates for their camera in a forest .
cont	a family is eating the photo .
enta	a animal looks as he rides his horse .
9-226-8
neut	a horse is practicing for the audience
neut	a horse and child doing tricks for the camera
neut	a man is about to jump his horse in a race
cont	a dog is eating a horse in a pasture .
cont	a person performs a trick in front of a dog
cont	the horse is on the ground
enta	a horse is jumping over another horizontal for people .
a young boy and his dog play at the edge of a public beach .
8-150-2
neut	a boy and his dog are playing with a ball .
cont	a young boy and dog are playing in a park .
cont	a young boy and his dog play in a field .
cont	the boy and dog are sitting on a couch .
enta	a boy and his dog are playing .
enta	a boy and dog are outside .
enta	a boy and dog are outdoors .
enta	two dogs play at the beach .
8-150-4
neut	the boy and his dog are sitting on a beach .
cont	a man sleeping
cont	two dogs are chasing a cat
cont	the boy and his dog are sitting in the sand .
enta	an animal playing with a man and his dog
enta	there are two kids playing with each other
enta	a boy and his dog play in the water .
enta	two young boy are at the beach playing with their dog .
8-150-8
neut	the boy and his dog are enjoying the weather .
neut	the boy teaches the boys .
cont	the boy is sitting on the grass
cont	the two friends play around the tv in the morning .
cont	two young boys are sleeping in the grass .
enta	a boy playing a game with his dog .
8-150-16
neut	the brother and a dog are engaged on the beach .
neut	the boy is he scared he owns .
cont	a cat and his owner sleeping on the beach .
cont	a boy sleeps on her bed in a bedroom .
enta	a boy and dog are outside
enta	a boy plays with a dog on the beach .
8-150-32
neut	dog on a nice place to go
cont	a cat and his owner runs
cont	a boy studying with a barbie under his hotel
cont	a boy is boarding a bird .
cont	the girl is eating because a blanket .
enta	the child is playing with his dog .
8-150-147
neut	the boy and his dog are competing in an open beach .
neut	the boy is giving his dog to warm .
neut	the boy is playing with a dog frisbee .
cont	a young boy is seen , riding a train .
cont	a boy cries for a ball of wood .
cont	some father are watching a plane play .
enta	a child 's dog in the beach .
enta	a boy and dog are in a beach beach .
enta	a boy is currently with a dog .
6-150-8
neut	the dog 's owner is playing a game
neut	the boys were playing in the sand the beach
cont	the boys and dog are playing in snow
cont	the dog runs through the snow in the woods
cont	the boy and his dog are playing basketball .
enta	the young boy and his dog play outside .
enta	the dog and a dog are in public
7-150-8
neut	this boy 's way just got bought
neut	the father and a dog are walking towards each other .
cont	a child is angry taking a walk around .
cont	a girl cutting the man .
enta	a new has a child 's water .
9-226-8
neut	a boy and his dog are on the beach to get to the beach .
cont	the kids are playing in the sand
cont	a boy and girl are sitting inside on a bench .
cont	a little boy is in the two alone
cont	a cat and girl work at an airport .
enta	two dogs are being watched by two dogs .
enta	a boy and the dog are outside the beach .
four young men sit on the floor close to a television that is showing elmo from sesame street .
8-150-2
neut	four young men sit on the floor , watching a movie at the movie theater
cont	the four young men are sitting on a bench .
enta	the four young men are sitting together .
enta	four young men are sitting
enta	four men sit on the floor .
enta	there are four young men sitting .
8-150-4
neut	some men are trying to get the cold day
neut	four men are preparing for their next party .
neut	young men are going to work .
cont	the men are sleeping .
cont	four men are standing by their house .
enta	four men sitting on the floor .
enta	the four young men sit together
enta	four men are sitting outside a dimly wearing street .
enta	four men are sitting on the floor .
8-150-8
neut	some guys are hiding from a tv show .
neut	the men have fun for the first time .
neut	a few men try to make an ad on the floor .
cont	four young men are drinking beer at the bar .
cont	some people are running indoors .
cont	four people sit on a beach .
enta	four young men are sitting on the floor .
enta	men in the street .
8-150-16
neut	four friends at a party
neut	some men are gathering for an audience .
neut	four young men are sitting at a party .
cont	the young men are sitting on the stairs together
enta	a group of young men are sitting on the floor .
8-150-32
neut	hungry part with people are waiting for a car
neut	the back put for a party
cont	four men at home holding the library .
cont	the men were running to the park .
enta	the young men are with their same toys
enta	three cars are at an signs photo .
enta	some people are on the bench
8-150-147
neut	a group of two young men are sitting on the floor getting ready to go
neut	three men sit outside the house getting cut .
neut	a group of people covered on the floor they just ready for a funeral .
neut	some friends are planning to take a shower wash .
cont	some men are indoors in the living room .
cont	three kittens are sitting and eating in a store .
enta	there are people in the sidewalk , taking pictures .
enta	three men are beside on the floor .
enta	humans talk on the floor while working .
6-150-8
neut	the friends sitting on the floor were outside .
cont	a dog is sleeping on the ground alone
cont	the young girl kisses the radio to play
cont	the men were playing basketball in a field .
cont	the boys were playing in the snow with toys
enta	the boys sit in the floor behind outside
enta	four people sitting on the floor working .
7-150-8
neut	a child waits to go off a fire .
neut	a couple is eating their new 's toys .
cont	the two wheeler in front yard lot .
cont	five people are not on blanket .
enta	the group is seen the street .
enta	a couple near each another 's show .
enta	the sky are a group of people .
9-226-8
neut	the men were waiting for a bus to get to their business .
cont	a young man eats ice cream cake .
cont	four old men and women are sitting in their desks room .
cont	four old men are sleeping in the tent room at the fair
cont	four old people are planning to sleep .
enta	men are sitting in the shade on the street .
enta	four men and people are outside in a cigarette .
a snowboarder is grinding on a rail in a snowy , mountainous area .
8-150-2
neut	a snowboarder is in a race for a crowd
neut	a person is competing in a competition .
neut	a person is competing in a competition .
cont	a snowboarder is riding a bike
enta	a person is outside in the snow .
enta	a snowboarder is outside .
8-150-4
neut	the snowboarder is wearing a helmet .
cont	a snowboarder is asleep .
cont	a person is doing a ski game .
cont	a snowboarder is sitting on the floor .
enta	the snowboarder is doing a sport .
enta	someone is doing tricks .
enta	snowboarder by a rail .
8-150-8
neut	a snowboarder is wearing an orange business suit .
cont	the snowboarder is driving a truck
cont	a women is sipping from the entire of the pool
cont	a snowboarder wears a spitting and jumps up the highway .
enta	a snowboarder in the snow in the snow
enta	the snowboarder is in the mountain .
enta	a person , on an iron speed is working on the rail .
8-150-16
neut	a teenager is competing on a date .
cont	a snowboarder rides in a mall .
cont	the man is climbing a mountain with his house
cont	a orange sits next to a car .
cont	a snowboarder is flying home at the mall .
enta	a snowboarder is doing something on the bicycle .
enta	a snowboarder on a rail
8-150-32
neut	the man has a long lot of mountains .
cont	a hiker is working on the open area of a field .
cont	the girl is barking from
cont	a pole goes with cars in the middle of the desert .
enta	the behind is snowy .
8-150-147
neut	a snow photographer is about to move off the train .
cont	the nature over polo is empty of new mountains .
cont	a that fell the people of a green plane .
cont	a snowboarder does the jump 's jump inside .
cont	a cowboy is riding a bear back of the snow .
enta	a snowboarder is sweeping on a train .
6-150-8
neut	the tall person in a winter is sitting .
neut	the snowboarder wearing the suit is a professional skateboarder
neut	the women just a ski race he 's
neut	the snowboarder was tired on the snow by .
cont	the snowboarder was in the middle of the day
cont	the old woman is riding in the living room
cont	the snowboarder skis down the road with the snow
enta	the boy hanging on the rail is outside .
enta	the snowboarder was on a rail in the snow
7-150-8
neut	a woman is headed home some finals
neut	the snowboarder wants to win a snow .
cont	a snowboarder looks at the hill .
enta	a snowboarder in light snowy snowy day
9-226-8
neut	there is a snowboarder on a ski track race for morning .
neut	the snowboarder is competing in the mountains .
cont	the snowboarder was wearing ballet .
cont	snowboarder is riding his bike
enta	the is has a ramp .
enta	a person skating in the snow
a group of people looking at menus in a white restaurant .
8-150-2
neut	a group of people are at a restaurant for a party .
cont	the people are at the beach
cont	some people are sitting on a couch .
enta	the people are looking at the restaurant .
enta	a group of people are looking at the restaurant in a white restaurant .
enta	there are people looking at the restaurant in the restaurant .
enta	there are people looking at food
8-150-4
neut	the people are getting ready to eat lunch .
neut	a young boy looking at his wife 's order .
cont	a group of people look at the sky .
cont	the group of people are dancing .
enta	some people are looking at a restaurant .
enta	a group of people are looking at a white restaurant .
enta	there is a group of people looking at a white restaurant .
enta	some people are in a restaurant .
8-150-8
neut	the group of people are watching a couple of people watching the restaurant .
neut	the people are drinking wine at a restaurant .
cont	people are camping
cont	the group of people were watching television at home .
enta	the people were waiting at food .
enta	there is a group watching a meal in a bar .
8-150-16
neut	a restaurant meat the food
neut	people are looking at fruits on the restaurant .
neut	a group of friends 's the food at the restaurant .
cont	a car on the couch at a park .
cont	naked people are running in a park .
cont	two people shopping for a food bowl .
cont	numerous people looking at the sky
enta	the people are looking at something .
enta	people are looking at clothes
enta	three people watch another another person .
enta	people look at furniture while the people look at food
8-150-32
neut	the people are getting ready to get in the black restaurant .
cont	the yellow vendor is keeping room .
cont	the people are sitting and sitting at a establishment .
cont	the people are talking at a bar .
cont	a group of people are fist from each other
enta	there are people outside by the food .
enta	a group is looking at people .
enta	a group of people look at food .
8-150-147
neut	many people are looking into items in a green restaurant .
neut	the group of people are waiting for food to eat .
neut	a group of people are standing and taking future to each other .
neut	people are looking at a white women they have bread .
cont	a group of people are working on the ground .
cont	the woman is dancing using at the buffet .
cont	the people are fighting in a large restaurant .
enta	people are gathered in a swanky restaurant .
enta	there is a group of people sitting outside of a restaurant .
6-150-8
neut	the man 's white restaurant is not very large
neut	the men watching the restaurant in a restaurant
cont	an orchestra eating lunch in the middle of town
cont	the boys look at the beach to the store
cont	the crowd looking at the red restaurant .
cont	the boy was listening to the music .
enta	a bunch of people are in a white restaurant
7-150-8
neut	several tourists are taking dessert in their vacation
neut	the restaurant is looking at someone 's birthday .
cont	a crowd watching people at a park .
cont	the group is taking off the river together
enta	a person is looking out on food .
enta	a few people go to the restaurant together
9-226-8
neut	some people are getting ready to eat at their local restaurant
neut	a crowd of people are at a restaurant at night
neut	people are looking at a birthday cake in her kitchen .
neut	a group of people are on vacation food in a restaurant .
cont	a group of people in a mall shopping .
cont	a group of shopping shopping is space along the beach .
cont	a group of people practice for the day at the local car
enta	there is a group of people eat food
enta	a group of people stand together .
enta	there are three people in this photo is near .
a male with brown clothing standing on the side of the street with his thumb out with a big bag on his back .
8-150-2
neut	a man is trying to get to the store
neut	the man is wearing a brown top to be picked by his friend .
cont	the man is in his car
cont	a woman is holding a bag on her back .
enta	a man is standing on a street with a bag .
enta	a man is standing outside .
enta	a man is standing on the street .
8-150-4
neut	a man is waiting for his friend to pick up .
cont	a man is riding a bicycle
cont	a man and his wife are wearing dresses .
cont	a male is eating a cake .
enta	a man is standing on the side of a street .
8-150-8
neut	a young man is standing on the street to go to a nap .
cont	the man is resting on the bench .
cont	a female is climbing the street
cont	a woman sleeps .
enta	the person with brown hair is holding something .
enta	a man is holding a bag of his hands up .
enta	a man is pointing a bag on his back .
8-150-16
neut	it is cold about to be seen on .
cont	a person is laying on a bench with his shoulders .
cont	the man is scuba dive
cont	a man eats a steak 's cake .
enta	a shirtless male is outside
enta	a well dressed man stands on the street .
8-150-32
neut	the man is holding a shopping shopping bus .
cont	a male is sitting at a party picking downtown .
cont	the boy is eating lunch and cooking .
enta	a man is standing on street .
8-150-147
neut	a male making pretzels in the street behind his back .
cont	the man is home from his hair into a shoe .
cont	the man is at the beach with a yellow bag .
cont	the man is asleep on the floor with a plate .
enta	a guy with his suitcase on a street .
enta	a man is being pulled on a street .
6-150-8
neut	an athlete trying to get his shirt
neut	the old man in the photo has just .
cont	the man with a blue bag is running .
cont	the guy with a blue shirt is sleeping
cont	the old man sits in the park alone
enta	the man with a bag on a street .
enta	the female person in the picture has .
enta	the male person stands in the street outside .
7-150-8
neut	these people are fixing a broken suitcase .
cont	a person is talking on the phone alone
cont	a male is enjoying ice tea alone .
enta	the man is looking on the dirty body .
enta	a person has his hands on the chair
9-226-8
neut	a man is trying to get the police officer .
neut	a man 's head is itchy his hands
cont	a woman is running down the street with her hands .
cont	a female whose is in purple pants is standing up .
enta	there is a man standing next to his mailbox to his bag
here is a picture of someone doing diagnostics on a vehicle in the dark .
8-150-2
neut	the picture is of a picture of a man .
neut	a man is doing a trick for a picture in the background .
cont	the person is riding a bike .
enta	a person is doing a trick on a vehicle .
enta	a person is doing a trick
enta	someone is standing in the air .
8-150-4
neut	an old lady trying to take a picture of a car .
cont	the picture is at a restaurant .
cont	a person does n't like a vehicle in the dark .
cont	the car is on the ground .
cont	there is a picture on a photo on a boat .
enta	the picture has been taken .
enta	there are multiple people present .
enta	a person doing something .
enta	this picture of a person on a car .
8-150-8
neut	a picture of a man waits for his ride
neut	a woman uses their for pictures of people on a vehicle .
cont	the people are watching others play .
cont	someone is watching tv
cont	there is a single person on the street .
enta	a picture of an adult standing on a vehicle .
8-150-16
neut	the person shows off for their children .
cont	the picture has no one to the picture , the taken .
cont	the number is inside a restaurant .
cont	no one is in a vehicle .
enta	the person is near a vehicle
enta	the vehicle is moving around .
8-150-32
neut	a man getting ready to perform a flip .
neut	a picture of a model takes cars picking up .
cont	a picture of a football player passes for his friends .
enta	several people are near a driver on a vehicle .
8-150-147
neut	a person is working for a train to beat someones .
cont	the person is taking a nap during sight
cont	a little woman is riding a scooter in front of a fire .
cont	a bunch of workers standing in the oval station .
enta	a person is crouched on a vehicle with a car .
enta	a picture of a car has something on it .
6-150-8
neut	an old woman in a car is outside
neut	a kid is fixing a car in asia
neut	a boy is trying to get to the store
cont	the lady was sitting on the couch alone .
cont	the lady sits in the middle of the road
cont	an empty truck on the side of the road
enta	a human on the vehicle is doing her picture .
7-150-8
neut	a police officer looks for his train .
cont	a picture of children are playing a game on the runway
cont	a women is sitting down inside
cont	a guy likes the boy from a plane
cont	a picture of her audience at a woman
enta	a person is drawing of someone .
9-226-8
neut	a man working on a car at work
neut	the map is being taken to her husband .
cont	an person sits on the truck .
cont	my is doing a car passing on the beach .
enta	a person on a vehicle is being taken .
enta	the is on a car is pulling .
a climber in a red shirt is scaling a rock face whilst being watched by another man in a white shirt .
8-150-2
neut	a climber looks for his friends
cont	the man is at the beach
cont	the man is climbing a mountain in a yellow shirt .
cont	a man sits on a bench waiting for a friend .
enta	a person is watching a rock on a rock face .
enta	two people climbing rocks .
enta	a climber is looking at a rock .
8-150-4
neut	an old person is trying to impress a child in a red shirt .
cont	two people are sitting at a bar .
cont	a climber is sitting in a chair .
enta	the men are working on a rock .
8-150-8
neut	a rock climber climbing the rock is .
neut	a tall human climbing
cont	the man is eating an apple .
cont	a man is on a beach
enta	someone is near a rock .
enta	two men are being pulled by a man .
enta	a person is helped up an object .
8-150-16
neut	a man is fixing a massive rock climber
neut	a youth holds a rock face is playing a game .
neut	a climber going in the park after climbing .
cont	a shirtless device is doing his homework at school .
cont	a man dancing on a beach
enta	there is a person rock climbing .
enta	a climber is being led by a man
8-150-32
neut	a worker is trying to steal a rock of missing .
neut	the man is at 1 states .
cont	a man works form climbing into a fire .
cont	the man is asleep while a video game is not .
cont	the dirt is scaling on the green shirt .
enta	a hiker is climbing a rock .
enta	the wall is being a physical on in that surface .
8-150-147
neut	a boarded woman is preparing to get on their heads for the reason .
neut	a man is rock working on the mountain looking on .
cont	a ballet man is swimming in alaska
enta	there is a female on a rock face .
6-150-8
neut	the climber loves the rock and a man .
neut	the climber loves the rock up to go
cont	the boys walk on the street with no hats
enta	the men climbed the rock face is watching .
enta	the climber smiles while he climbs a rock
7-150-8
neut	a couple are practicing rock climbing competition .
neut	the climber is practicing on something
cont	the climber jumped into a bank .
cont	the two are on top of their bikes outside .
cont	the man is lying down a rock .
enta	there one a man hangs out of a climber
9-226-8
neut	the climber is getting ready to perform for the crowd .
neut	a man is modeling for a journey .
cont	the man falls off of a cliff
enta	a person has been climbing up a rock wall .
enta	there are four people about to be used
three people and a white dog are sitting in the sand on a beach .
8-150-2
neut	a group of friends are playing with a dog in the sand
cont	three people are playing with a dog
cont	three people are sitting on a bench .
cont	the people are standing on a sand castle .
enta	three people and a dog are on the beach .
enta	a group of people sit on the beach .
enta	three people and a dog sitting on the beach .
enta	a dog is sitting outside .
8-150-4
neut	the group and the dog are siblings .
neut	the group and the dog are getting ready to go out on the beach .
neut	tall humans sitting
cont	the three people are outside on a boat .
cont	three people are looking at the moon in the sand .
cont	three people and a white dog are in a park .
enta	three people sit on a beach
enta	the dog is outside
enta	the three people are sitting down on the beach .
enta	a group of people are sitting on the beach .
8-150-8
neut	2 people are watching the frisbee
neut	three happy dog are on a beach with their dog .
neut	some of the people are friends .
cont	these people are sitting in the grass
cont	they are sleeping in the park
enta	the people were sitting outside .
8-150-16
neut	three people have their binoculars watching the beach while they wait for the shore .
neut	the beach is crowded
neut	a large couple of people are having a picnic in the sand .
cont	some people are sleeping in a hotel .
cont	people are sitting on a bench .
enta	three people are in the beach
enta	three people are seated outside .
enta	people are at the beach .
enta	three people sitting in beach while a dog watches .
8-150-32
neut	three people have on a sled to get to them
cont	three people are catching a cat they 're
cont	a man at the beach with a doll .
cont	the black and white dog are sitting by a beach .
cont	there is a man stuck out of the bay .
enta	there is a dog sitting in the sand .
enta	they has a dog and the dog .
8-150-147
neut	three people are enjoying a wedding of the ocean .
cont	a man sits at home playing football .
enta	three people are sitting on the beach .
6-150-8
neut	three people preparing to go out in the sand
neut	the dogs were playing in the sand the beach
cont	the dog jumps into the of the
cont	the dog was sleeping in the sand , .
cont	the dogs run in the sand with the ground
enta	three people sitting in the sand in beach
7-150-8
neut	the two brothers are jumping with one dogs
cont	a girl is wearing black swimming
cont	the three woman is sleeping on
cont	a person is standing next to a sand
enta	a couple sit at the lake above them .
9-226-8
neut	three people are enjoying a dog on the beach .
cont	dogs are sleeping on the beach
cont	the dog chases through a sand
cont	the three people are sitting in the dog house to get the other red .
cont	a man and two woman are sitting in the grass .
enta	the people are next to a beach with their dog
enta	three people are sitting on a beach
two people in a field looking off-camera .
8-150-2
neut	two people looking at a man in a field .
cont	there is a group of people watching a movie in the hall .
cont	there is a group of people in a field looking at the sky .
enta	two people are looking at each other .
8-150-4
neut	two people wearing shirts are looking at a camera
neut	two people in a field looking at a picture .
cont	the people are looking at the moon .
cont	two people sitting at home .
enta	people in a field .
enta	two people in a field .
8-150-8
neut	two friends are jumping to get a ball .
neut	the two people have their feet and will win .
cont	three people in a game pool for the first time .
cont	2 people are asleep in a bed .
enta	the kids have something in a field .
8-150-16
neut	the people are taking photos of a huge field .
cont	two naked people talk in a field .
cont	the man has just won a football
cont	two elderly people look at a rifle .
enta	someone is acting with the people .
enta	humans in a field .
8-150-32
neut	photographers are outside of a picture at their home .
neut	the people are taking a test .
cont	two people fight each other at home .
cont	two people are at the campsite .
enta	two people look at the same they are on
enta	two people are currently staring for something .
8-150-147
neut	they are having a day
neut	two people performing to a tornado .
neut	two people are looking at the old
cont	two people are going on a sofa .
cont	two people are running down the avenue
enta	the people have colorful something on the field .
enta	one of the people are performing in a field .
6-150-8
neut	the women were having fun about the weather
cont	the dog was sitting in his car .
cont	the man was sitting in the park outside
cont	the dog chases in the field with the .
enta	the couple looked at the camera of a field
7-150-8
neut	one couple is wearing a rain is outside .
cont	a couple is driving away from a cat
cont	the men swimming in a tank are indoors .
enta	there a few people outdoors looking .
enta	the two people in a field is wearing something
enta	one humans look on something off .
9-226-8
neut	two people are at a championship .
cont	it is dark and people are playing baseball .
cont	two people study orange vests stand in their rooms .
enta	a couple people are standing outside a field .
enta	people are looking at something
a little baby with dirty fingers and smudges on her face points to her blue eye .
8-150-2
neut	a baby is trying to get a ball .
neut	the baby is in the crib .
cont	a woman sits on a couch .
enta	a child is wearing something .
enta	the baby is wearing a blue outfit .
enta	a child is holding a face .
enta	a baby with a blue cap , a blue cap
8-150-4
neut	a baby is playing with a toy in a field .
neut	a baby and her baby are watching their baby .
cont	the baby is playing basketball .
cont	a baby is sleeping .
cont	a baby playing with a ball .
cont	a baby is eating a meal .
enta	an little baby with a blue finger .
enta	the baby has something on her face .
8-150-8
neut	the baby is reaching for the ball .
neut	a little baby is being pushed in a blue baby boy .
neut	the child 's face is very hungry and looks at the eyes .
neut	the baby is happy .
cont	a baby wearing an wings is fighting with his friends .
cont	the baby is painting a hospital bed .
enta	a little baby with child
enta	there are two children in the eyes .
8-150-16
neut	the little baby is pretending to be good dry .
cont	the baby is on zombie
cont	a baby sleeping in his bed .
cont	a little baby is sitting on the steps .
cont	young child plays with a pig .
enta	there is a baby and the baby are older .
8-150-32
neut	the infant is protecting himself about sand .
cont	a naked baby buys cotton and onto the beach .
enta	a child is touching streamers .
enta	a child does tricks on her face
8-150-147
neut	the baby is experiencing screaming on a little man .
neut	the baby is feeding the toy .
neut	a baby is getting ready to be a tan .
cont	the little baby is put to play with a flute .
cont	a little baby is playing tennis with her dog .
cont	a small baby sleeps on her head after herself .
cont	a baby is playing with a ball of her eyes .
enta	the baby is having in both hand of paint .
6-150-8
neut	the baby enjoys the crowd to the mother
neut	the baby enjoys the crowd of the child
neut	an old baby is looking for a toy
cont	the teenager sits in the middle of town
cont	the baby sits in the middle of concrete
cont	a baby is looking down at the ground
enta	a baby is looking for something 's face
7-150-8
neut	a child makes out after her family .
neut	a girl is holding someone 's first for money
cont	a girl is dancing on an airplane .
cont	no little kid has a picture .
cont	a woman is eating his sandwich on outside .
cont	a small child is playing basketball outside
enta	a child 's hands is holding the blanket .
enta	a child looks at orange
enta	a baby gets in a hair .
9-226-8
neut	a baby is taking her hands to its his toy so in the distance .
neut	a baby is looking at her mother .
cont	a baby is laying on the couch .
cont	a baby of her child are asleep
enta	a baby has a shovel and is looking at her .
enta	a baby takes her pierced covered .
a black dog is running through a snow covered area while holding something green in his mouth .
8-150-2
neut	a dog plays with a toy .
neut	the dog has a toy in his mouth .
cont	the dog is running through the field .
cont	a cat sleeps on a snow covered floor .
cont	a dog is on a bed .
enta	the dog is playing outside
enta	the dog is running through the snow .
enta	there is a dog outside
enta	a dog has a snow covered mountain .
8-150-4
neut	a dog is running after a ball .
neut	a black dog is chasing a squirrel .
cont	the dog is sitting on the couch
cont	a dog runs through a field
cont	the black dog is brown .
cont	the black dog is sleeping in the grass .
enta	the dog is outside .
enta	a dog is running around .
8-150-8
neut	the dog is happy .
neut	the dog running towards his owner
neut	a dog has his owner to play .
cont	a cat is chasing a cat .
cont	a dog is running down the street .
cont	a dog is taking a nap .
enta	dog running in snow
enta	a dog is running
8-150-16
neut	the dog is competing with the toy in the snow .
cont	a dog bites on her bed after her master .
cont	the cat are playing the best snow .
cont	a white dog is running in colorado waters .
enta	a dog is running behind
enta	a dog playing in a snow covered .
enta	a dog runs in a snow .
8-150-32
neut	a black dog is chasing ducks across and carrying a toy .
neut	the dog gives a girl how to go sled .
neut	the leashed dog runs through the snow in a field .
cont	the cat is playing inside a flower .
cont	a big dog follows it 's bear in a nice restaurant .
cont	a dog runs down the floor near his hands .
enta	a dog runs through snow and holding a tank of snow .
8-150-147
neut	a dog is trying to get out of the road .
neut	the dog is curled up to get into the snow .
neut	a dog is running through a snowy , field .
cont	a dog holds a blue ball .
cont	a dog is relaxing , staring at the sky .
enta	a dog scratches his mouth and in the snow .
enta	dog jumps through the snow
6-150-8
neut	the animal just won the ball to the snow
neut	an animal running to catch the ball outside
neut	an animal running in the snow chasing .
cont	the dog was sleeping in the living room
cont	an animal is rolling around in a field
cont	the cat was sleeping in the snow outside .
cont	an old man holding a cat in his mouth
enta	an animal is running through the snow outside .
enta	an animal is running through the snow covered .
enta	the dog runs through the snow covered outside
7-150-8
neut	the black animal is running for a picture .
cont	a couple is sleeping after a cat .
cont	a black dog in his bedroom eating .
cont	a person is looking at the ground playing badminton .
enta	a person is working a snow covered .
9-226-8
neut	a dog jumps to get a toy while running
neut	a dog is running after a stick to get out of the snow .
cont	the dogs laying in the grass
cont	an animal runs through the yard
cont	a cat drinks beer in the woods
enta	a black dog is running through the snow
enta	a animal running in a field .
a kid hitting a baseball in a baseball field .
8-150-2
neut	a kid playing a game of baseball at a baseball field .
cont	the kid is in the classroom
cont	the kid is on the beach .
cont	the kid is inside the house .
cont	two boys are playing basketball .
enta	a child is playing baseball .
enta	a kid is playing baseball outside
enta	a child is playing baseball .
enta	the kid throws the baseball .
8-150-4
neut	a kid playing at the park .
cont	a kid is eating a hot dog in the park .
cont	the kid is taking a nap
enta	a young kid plays baseball outside .
enta	a kid plays a game .
8-150-8
neut	a kid does a trick to go to the game
cont	a young girl is playing a sport between the field .
cont	the kid is sitting on the floor
enta	the kid is in the field .
8-150-16
neut	the baseball player is trying to get the ball .
neut	boy played a bat .
neut	the boy is a baseball baseball player .
neut	a kid swings a baseball bat to his owner
cont	a sitting sleeping on a bench .
cont	child standing on the baseball field .
cont	a kid is doing soccer in the field .
enta	the children are wet .
enta	a kid is playing baseball
enta	someone is throwing a baseball .
enta	the kid is putting on a baseball .
8-150-32
neut	a kid is kicking a baseball to his brother .
neut	a small boy wins the baseball ground .
cont	a little kid is playing football so he is hard on
enta	a little kid playing sports
enta	a kid hits the baseball and hit .
8-150-147
neut	the little boy is outdoors for enough up .
neut	a boy is running around with his friends
neut	a young boy is at a baseball team playing .
cont	the boy is jumping the head with a baseball .
cont	a young man is swimming drinking a banana .
cont	the kid is the boy fishing for a football .
enta	a kid is wearing he baseball .
6-150-8
neut	the kid was playing baseball in a baseball .
neut	the kid was playing baseball with his friends
cont	the boy was playing in the grocery store
cont	the boy sits in the park with his friends
cont	the boy sat in the football field
cont	a boy is having a picnic with his family
enta	an individual in a baseball field is playing baseball
enta	the kid has a baseball field in the field
enta	the boy was playing baseball in an outdoor field
7-150-8
neut	the play sports championship game together .
neut	kid looks into the baseball team
neut	the kid is taking home while playing .
cont	a child watching television
cont	old child is playing baseball running
enta	a person is kicking by his adult .
enta	the two people are in the photo .
9-226-8
neut	a person is practicing his baseball game for his baseball .
neut	a kid is about to play basketball for the field .
neut	the sad boy drinks from the pitcher at a baseball game .
neut	a child 's after baseball team to play basketball .
cont	a woman is drinking from the yard .
cont	a child is playing tennis .
cont	a little boy is drinking a beer .
enta	a child is at play
men and women walking down a sidewalk next to a garden .
8-150-2
neut	a couple of people walk down a sidewalk to get to the store .
neut	the people are walking to work .
neut	people are walking to work .
neut	the people are going to a garden
cont	the people are sitting on the ground .
enta	people walking down a sidewalk .
enta	the people are walking outside
enta	there are people walking outside .
enta	a couple of people are walking outside .
8-150-4
neut	they are walking to their house .
neut	two people going to the park
neut	two people are taking pictures
cont	men are eating lunch .
cont	a group of people are taking a nap .
cont	people are laying in the grass .
cont	several people are sitting in a restaurant .
enta	several people are outside .
enta	people walking
enta	three people are outdoors .
8-150-8
neut	the adults are sisters .
neut	some adults have been walking down a sidewalk
neut	group of people walking to work
neut	several men and women walking down a sidewalk to get to the mall
cont	several people are running at the beach .
cont	the men and women are sitting on a bench in the park .
enta	people are outdoors .
enta	people walk near a garden .
enta	men walk down the sidewalk .
8-150-16
neut	the people are spending their clothes away from the garden .
neut	a group of people are talking to each other walking to work .
cont	men are and napping down .
enta	there are guys with each other on the sidewalk .
enta	the men are walking next to a garden .
enta	people are walking outside of a garden .
8-150-32
neut	two men and women walking are on a busy street .
neut	a street is busy along along the city street .
cont	women climb a tree in a classroom .
cont	a group of puppies are taking a walk .
cont	women coloring a candy fly away .
enta	a group of people are waiting by a garden .
enta	men are walking outside .
enta	the men are walking on a sidewalk .
enta	a bunch of people walk on a sidewalk outside to come .
8-150-147
neut	the men have first a photo ready for the city .
neut	a group of men are getting ready to meet a fight .
cont	the people are driving down the snow .
cont	women are pushing a pig down the sidewalk .
cont	horses are walking through a big office .
enta	four men are walking down the sidewalk .
6-150-8
neut	the men walking in the garden are walking home
cont	the guys and women are at home watching tv
cont	the men sit on the bench in silence
cont	the women sit in the middle of their house
enta	the men walk down the sidewalk next .
enta	the men walk down the sidewalk next to mass
enta	the men walk down the sidewalk next to
7-150-8
neut	3 people are teaching how to food .
neut	the small city name are homeless .
neut	the grass are grass at work .
cont	the men in a group are running
cont	the man and a cat are outdoors
cont	a family is watching a man on grass .
enta	a person is walking towards a garden outside .
9-226-8
neut	the couple is going to the market
neut	the group of people are on a date .
neut	the couple is a couple and trying to get a good time .
neut	the people are walking outside with their parents watch on the sidewalk .
cont	the couples is sitting on the sidewalk
cont	the people are running in the park
cont	the people sleeping inside the church .
enta	many people are walking with a couple .
enta	the men are walking on road .
2 woman walking down the street next to graffiti
8-150-2
neut	the women are trying to sell a new picture .
neut	the two art street are very good .
neut	two women are walking to the store
cont	a woman sits on a bench .
enta	women are outdoors .
enta	the women are walking together .
enta	the women are walking outside
enta	the women are outdoors .
8-150-4
neut	a woman taking a break .
neut	two women walking down the street , holding a painted graffiti .
neut	the woman is a professional couple
cont	two people are riding a bus .
cont	the women are taking a bath .
cont	two men walk down the street .
cont	a dog eats a sandwich
enta	two women walking together near graffiti .
enta	2 women walking outside
enta	woman walking down a street .
enta	one woman is walking down the street .
8-150-8
neut	the women are talking to graffiti .
neut	there are two women riding to the store .
cont	a man is carrying the street corner .
cont	the woman are walking into the ocean .
enta	the women are heading
enta	two women are in the road .
enta	the woman is walking down the street .
enta	the woman is looking at street .
8-150-16
neut	three woman are leaving the subway station to get home .
neut	a woman talks to a long day of work
neut	the women are high students walking near artwork .
cont	the woman are riding in the car .
cont	a cat is sitting on the porch .
cont	two women play hopscotch in the park .
enta	the two women are strolling outside .
enta	a woman goes for a walk
enta	two women next to artwork of graffiti .
8-150-32
neut	a woman needs food to keep on the street .
neut	a restuarant walk to graffiti and wall
cont	the woman plays soccer with a flag .
cont	the woman are sitting alone .
enta	a woman is walking outside .
enta	three people are outside together walking .
8-150-147
neut	two women are walking to a bank public .
neut	the women are trying to wash their wall .
neut	the students enjoy an ipad while working on the street .
cont	two people are sitting down on the street table .
cont	the woman works in the front room of an office .
cont	the exotic mountains are in the middle of a brick .
cont	the woman could n't take anything on the street corner .
enta	both women are walking down the street .
enta	there are three women walking down a street .
6-150-8
neut	the couple walk to the park to paint
neut	friends walking in the street next to graffiti
neut	the women walk to the park to paint
cont	the men sit in the middle of town
cont	the men walking down the street is sitting .
cont	the men were sitting on the ground walk .
cont	the men were sitting on the grocery store .
enta	the women walk down the street is outside
enta	the women walking down the street is walking .
enta	the women walk in the street next to graffiti
7-150-8
neut	two women in red shirts walk along .
neut	the young woman is walking home .
cont	the group of is a boat in the park
cont	a girl is eating art the rain outdoors .
cont	a women is running her dog
cont	the old man is red food wood .
enta	a woman is being on up the road
9-226-8
neut	a woman walks in the rain while another person watches .
neut	a graffiti clown walking on the street for a large crowd of people .
cont	women playing a video game on the sidewalk .
cont	a group of women sitting in an empty street .
cont	women walk away from a art project .
cont	there are sitting sitting on a street .
enta	two people are outside in a city .
enta	the women were outside on a street .
enta	two women are walking near some pictures of the street
a group of females are sitting down on a bench .
8-150-2
neut	the women are sitting down on a bench in the park .
neut	a group of women are sitting down on a bench in the park
cont	people are standing on a bench .
enta	a group of women are sitting on a bench
enta	there are women sitting on a bench
enta	the women are sitting .
enta	the women are sitting down on a bench .
8-150-4
neut	some women are wearing sunglasses .
cont	women are walking through a park .
enta	a group of men sit
enta	some women are sitting on a bench .
enta	there are two women hanging out on the bench .
8-150-8
neut	some women on a bench waiting for something .
neut	these women are sitting under a tree watching the sunset .
cont	some guys are outside playing cards .
cont	the group of people are standing .
cont	three women are standing on a bench .
cont	the girls are driving a bus .
enta	the group of men are sitting in a bench .
8-150-16
neut	few humans wait on the bench 's fun
neut	a group of people are at a birthday party .
cont	the women are fighting to see each other
cont	the females is asleep
cont	the two women are standing on a bench .
enta	a group of people are sitting on a bench
enta	a group of girls are on a bench .
enta	there are same the females .
8-150-32
neut	the people dressed in suits are sitting by a water fountain .
cont	two horses sun a bunch of women .
cont	the bunch of females are sitting in the hallway .
enta	the females are resting .
enta	a bunch of girls are hanging out
8-150-147
neut	the group of guys are sitting calmly down by their dad .
neut	some dressed people are sitting close to fix a bank .
cont	a group stood on the bench while hiking .
cont	a group of soccer dogs are running down a street .
enta	the women are sitting on the court .
6-150-8
neut	the men were sitting on the park bench
neut	the women just got a ball on the bench
cont	an old man plays with a ball .
cont	the females were sitting in a coffee shop
cont	the ladies were sitting on the grocery store .
enta	the women were sitting down on their bench
enta	the women sit in the bench before outside
enta	the women were sitting down on the bench
7-150-8
neut	the bunch of girls are on the bench and break .
neut	group of women in a military .
neut	the benches has the large ball on the table
neut	the team is enjoying the fire .
cont	some women are cutting the roof
cont	the computer taking the street show up .
cont	a person is talking in a tree .
cont	the boys are swimming inside a bank .
enta	the bench of a group is sitting
9-226-8
neut	a group of girls wait for an event in the bar .
neut	the men are wearing soccer teams .
cont	there is not one person on the street .
cont	the women are outside on a concrete day .
enta	there are men sitting on the bench .
enta	a group of women are sitting outdoors .
enta	people on the bench are sitting .
enta	a group of children are sitting outdoors .
a well dressed man standing in front of an abstract fence painting .
8-150-2
neut	a sad man standing in front of a fence of a building painting .
cont	a woman stands in front of a fence .
cont	the man is wearing a blue shirt
enta	the man is painting .
enta	a man is painting .
enta	the man is painting .
8-150-4
neut	a person with a white dress .
neut	a man painting a fence in front of his home .
neut	the man is painting the wall .
neut	the man is painting a picture of his wife .
cont	a woman stands in front of an animal painting a fence .
cont	a person is laying on the ground .
cont	an old man stands on a bench .
enta	the guy stands in front of a fence
enta	a man is standing by painting .
enta	a man painting .
enta	a man stands beside a fence .
8-150-8
neut	the man is an artist
neut	a man with his face paint in front of a building
cont	a young man is painting the room with his family .
cont	a man is camping on a subway .
enta	a man paint the fence
enta	a person is repainting art outside .
8-150-16
neut	a jewish man works with his creation in the street .
neut	a man waits for a nap in front of an event .
neut	a man stand in front of an event
cont	a man waits on his couch
cont	a man is skipping things on the beach .
enta	a straw outside of a man
enta	a man is looking
enta	a man stands by a fence .
8-150-32
neut	a man is showing off art .
neut	a man is painting by a church .
neut	a person is ready to help out on a power fence .
neut	a man is about to painting painting with firewood .
cont	there is a bird of the art scene next to a women .
cont	a jewish man in the post tower without a apartment .
cont	a man is doing push in the garage .
enta	a dressed man is crouched by an art set .
enta	a man stand near a fence on a stairs .
8-150-147
neut	the man in a cast has straight them hurt in front of the fence .
neut	a man is holds a long sculpture statue .
cont	a man is running living his finger .
enta	a man is standing beside a wall painting .
enta	a come of dressed man standing outside
6-150-8
neut	the graffiti woman was standing by the fence
neut	the man likes to buy the painting outside .
cont	the men sit in front of a fence
cont	the dog was sitting in front of the fence
enta	an artist standing in front of a fence
enta	the man stands in front of an art fence
7-150-8
neut	the artist is playing for art .
neut	this artist wearing his favorite to painting .
cont	an african woman is driving down the road .
cont	a lady is working on the painting .
cont	a woman is drawing pictures of the park
enta	a person is outside a mound .
enta	a person moves something at his painting .
9-226-8
neut	the paint man is painting a mural .
neut	a man is painting a mural on a building .
cont	the man ran the the sidewalk was the same color .
cont	a man is doing jumping jacks on a building .
cont	a man is cleaning the building at the museum .
enta	a person stands in front of a building
a man is looking affected by results from his poker game .
8-150-2
neut	a man looking at his brother 's sports game
neut	a man looking at a man and a round of running a game .
cont	the man is looking at the baseball game
cont	a man is watching a baseball game .
enta	the man looks at the game .
8-150-4
neut	the man is looking at his friend .
neut	the man is trying to get a ball with his wife
cont	a man at the beach
cont	a man is taking his bath for the first time .
cont	the man watches a game on his computer .
cont	the man has no legs and is watching tv .
enta	a man is watching a match about .
enta	there is a man outdoors .
enta	a man is sitting near a game .
8-150-8
neut	a man is going to win the dance .
neut	a man is a professional skate tournament .
neut	a man in karate class trying to take a coach while practicing .
cont	a woman is watching the man with her dog .
cont	a man is a paraplegic .
cont	a man is chasing a child .
enta	a man looks information outdoors .
8-150-16
neut	a skateboarder in a father looks towards the biggest fan of his biggest match .
cont	a man finds his lunch
cont	a man is admiring at a computer game .
cont	the man is standing near his computer .
enta	a man watches a man play .
enta	the tennis man is in a competition .
8-150-32
neut	the man is staring at his new game .
neut	a man owns an games he does n't want him .
neut	a man writes stunts as another person is playing fetch .
cont	a man is lying down at his pool .
cont	a man holds pictures on an empty table .
enta	a man is going past a frisbee game .
enta	a man in this picture takes another in his curling game .
enta	a man is looking at cartoons .
8-150-147
neut	the man is thinking to break a game of serve .
cont	a man is taking a break of the game .
cont	a man has his balloon down the sidewalk .
cont	a man playing a jump wrestling video of ohio .
enta	a man is looking at something on his opponent .
6-150-8
neut	the man just got done the golf game
neut	the tall person looking at the finish line
neut	an individual wearing a large hat is outside .
cont	the boy was playing with the number dogs
cont	the old man looking at the grocery store
cont	an old woman is sitting in a chair
enta	the guy looks at the game in !
7-150-8
neut	a person just won the competition
cont	a woman is with no one legs
cont	a lady is taking a test in the river .
cont	a person is walking down the street
cont	a lady is preparing for the pool .
enta	this person is wearing a in clothing outside .
enta	a person is interested at his electronics .
9-226-8
neut	a man is preparing to use the baseball game
neut	a man is watching his brother play his game .
cont	a man is playing baseball and people look at the camera .
cont	a man is indoors his son .
enta	a person is doing stunts .
enta	a man is doing gymnastics
enta	a guy is in a room room .
a child and small dog running .
8-150-2
neut	a child is running after a dog in the park .
neut	a child and dog are running to catch a ball in the park .
neut	the child is running away from the dog .
cont	the cat is chasing a cat .
cont	a child is sleeping on the floor .
cont	the child is sleeping in the grass .
enta	the child is running .
enta	a child and a dog are running .
enta	the child is running
8-150-4
neut	two people are running from their master .
neut	a child running to get his ball
neut	two people run towards the ocean .
neut	a dog and a dog play fetch .
cont	a dog is riding a horse .
cont	a man is with his dog outside .
enta	a dog and a dog .
enta	a child and his dog are outside .
8-150-8
neut	there are two people playing with the dog
neut	the small child is hungry and running .
cont	the dog and boy are laying .
cont	a boy and a dog are sitting in a car .
cont	the people are swimming in a lake .
enta	the small child is outside playing .
enta	a small child is running with the dog
enta	two children are running .
8-150-16
neut	the kids are playing games on their backyard .
neut	a child running for a movie .
neut	the child is asking for his dog while running with his dog .
neut	an elderly small child with his dog is running with his dog .
cont	a toddler is enjoying dinner .
cont	the dog and white are not near each other .
enta	one animals and some of the child are running .
enta	a kid and a dog are running outside .
8-150-32
neut	a american person with black dog runs away
neut	a child and his dog are going home from running .
cont	a cat barks a dogs man .
cont	a film playing in a date lot .
cont	the child is sleeping and rolling on it .
enta	a kid and dog run in front of a dog .
enta	a child plays on the animal .
8-150-147
neut	the child is having fun
neut	a child chases to go from a dog during the winter .
neut	the child and a dog are having a party .
cont	a little child and dog swims in a tree .
enta	there are people running by 4
enta	the child and his dog are outside .
6-150-8
neut	the kid and dog are running with their dog
neut	the dogs run to the dog 's toy
cont	the dog was sleeping in the middle of grass
cont	the dogs were playing in the snow 's tv
cont	the kids jump on the top of a tree
enta	an individual is running and with her dog running
7-150-8
neut	a child is very scaring his dog exercising .
neut	a child enjoys his dad 's game
neut	this child is holding his dog into the air
neut	a person is holding their owner in running
cont	the small dog is mowing the lawn .
cont	a boy looking at the stars .
enta	a kid has in a small bucket .
9-226-8
neut	one person is playing with his dog .
neut	a parent couple her dog .
neut	some people are running to the park in the dog park .
cont	child eating lunch .
cont	a man and dog are sitting on the grass .
enta	two people running
several men are sitting around a parking lot .
8-150-2
neut	the men are waiting for the bus .
neut	men are sitting around a parking lot at a local new parking lot .
neut	men are talking
cont	the men are sitting in the living room watching television .
cont	the men are playing a game of basketball in the parking lot .
cont	a man sits on a bench , looking at the sky .
enta	the men are looking at a parking lot .
enta	several men sit around a parking lot .
enta	some men are sitting
enta	a group of men are sitting around a parking lot .
8-150-4
neut	a group of men are looking for a car
neut	men with a lot of people are waiting for the bus
neut	men are wearing sunglasses and sitting around a parking lot .
neut	the men are talking about the weather
cont	the men are standing around .
cont	two men sit around a bar
cont	the men are looking at the moon in the parking lot
enta	people are waiting outside
enta	several men are outdoors
enta	people are looking at the parking lot .
enta	there are men outdoors .
8-150-8
neut	men in orange are talking to a person .
neut	several men are enjoying a day of work .
neut	the men were drinking beer in the parking lot
cont	the guy is inside a building
cont	a single person rides his bike in the middle of the street .
cont	several friends sitting on a park bench at their home .
enta	several men are near a parking lot .
enta	men waiting on the bus .
enta	a few men are sitting in a parking lot in a parking lot .
8-150-16
neut	several men are posing for a parking lot .
cont	cats wander down the sidewalk , and no one is sitting .
cont	the men sit under an outdoor bench .
cont	the men are inside watching a movie .
enta	several men sit in a parking lot .
8-150-32
neut	there are men who wearing suits and two women outside .
neut	people are waiting around a shopping cart .
neut	several men on the way to work .
cont	cyclists on a car are hanging out in the yard .
cont	soldiers on the other man sitting around a yard .
cont	some men are sitting on the road
enta	three people are sitting on a parking .
enta	several men are assembled at a parking lot .
enta	a man sitting near a parking lot .
8-150-147
neut	there are men sitting in the sidewalk with their son .
neut	the guys were waiting for a limo to arrive .
neut	professional new telephone is clear to build a parking trip .
cont	adults are watching a football game with other humans .
cont	there are men dancing in a bar .
cont	two people are standing in their desks .
enta	a group of bob men are sitting near a traffic light .
enta	one of the men are sitting down .
enta	there is a , men sitting on the parking lot .
6-150-8
neut	several people sitting around a parking lot the houses
neut	the men were sitting at the bus stop .
cont	the men sit in the store at the mall
cont	the guys were sitting in the living room
cont	several people play with toys on the street
enta	the men sitting around the parking lot the parking
7-150-8
neut	the group on up for the store .
neut	a guy is watching the military soldiers .
neut	some guys on a lot are making up .
cont	a women is practicing with a video outdoors
cont	no one can make a lot of something
cont	a woman is shopping for a play .
enta	the guys are inside on each other .
9-226-8
neut	several people are waiting in line .
cont	the guys of the men are on a car .
cont	the men have at home
cont	a group of men are at a national ballet
cont	a group of men running in the marathon .
enta	several men are at a marketplace .
enta	men are outside outside .
a black dog runs with a deflated ball and a tiny tire .
8-150-2
neut	a dog is running to catch a ball .
neut	a dog runs with a toy to its owner .
neut	a dog is playing fetch .
cont	a cat is running .
cont	a dog is sleeping in his bed
cont	a dog sleeping on a bed .
enta	a dog is outside .
enta	a dog runs with a tire .
enta	a dog runs with a tire .
enta	the dog runs with a toy
8-150-4
neut	the dog is very happy .
neut	a dog is playing fetch with his owner .
neut	the dog runs fetch .
cont	the dog is eating dinner .
enta	a black dog is holding a ball .
enta	a dog playing outside .
enta	a dog with a toy .
enta	a dog has something in his mouth .
8-150-8
neut	a dog is catching a stick in the air
neut	there is a dog grabbing his bone .
neut	dog running to catch a frisbee
cont	the dog eating a steak .
enta	the dog ran his the tire .
enta	a black dog is running through a tire .
8-150-16
neut	a dog on it to play in his bath .
neut	a animal running to catch a stick .
neut	a puppy is chasing a rabbit on its master .
cont	the animal catches a car through its driveway .
cont	a black animals on a skateboard .
enta	a black dog is smelling the ball .
8-150-32
neut	a dog is chasing after a ball in his owner 's open ball .
neut	the black dog is playing with a slinky ball .
neut	the dog is caught with his high ball very toy .
cont	the dog is eating the woman on the ball .
enta	a black dog in a carriage .
8-150-147
neut	a dog is running around the end of a wooden barrel .
neut	a man is playing with a bucket of yarn .
cont	a baby is drinking tea in a crate .
cont	a dog is running over a small kitten .
enta	a dog runs around with a stick .
6-150-8
neut	the dog was running with the red ball .
neut	an animal trying to get the ball outside
neut	the dog is playing with a toy toy outside
cont	the dog runs with a ball and sitting around .
cont	the dog sits on the couch in a chair .
enta	the black dog runs with the ball ball
enta	the man with a tires ball with the ball
enta	the dog runs with a ball ball .
enta	the dogs were playing in the air .
7-150-8
neut	a child is taking his dog 's .
neut	a couple is with the garbage puddle .
cont	a dog chases his wife in a dark house
cont	no one is eating food from him
cont	one dog does n't for a stunt .
cont	the dog can n't a walking outside .
enta	the pets are behind a tire .
9-226-8
neut	the animal is playing in the field .
neut	a dog with sword is jumping into the air .
neut	a dog is pressing running for a party .
neut	a dog is running to catch the bottle outside
cont	a dog is sitting on the couch .
cont	a black dog is playing video games in his living room .
enta	a dog is running down a leash
a young boy playing in a bubble playing in water .
8-150-2
neut	the boy is playing in a bubble bubble with his friends
cont	a boy is sitting on the couch .
enta	a boy plays in the water .
enta	the boy plays .
enta	a young boy is playing .
enta	a boy is playing outside .
8-150-4
neut	a young boy playing in a pool .
neut	a little boy playing in a pool .
cont	the child sits in the grass .
cont	the boy is sleeping on the couch .
cont	a boy is eating a sandwich
enta	a young boy playing in the water playing in the water .
enta	a young person playing in a bubble .
enta	a young boy is playing in water .
enta	the boy is getting wet .
8-150-8
neut	a boy is doing his tricks on the pool .
neut	the boy play in a pool
neut	the young boy is playing in a tutu rain .
cont	a child is playing baseball
cont	nobody is playing .
cont	a boy is playing by the fire .
cont	a boy playing video games
enta	a young boy plays with water
8-150-16
neut	a boy is having fun at a pool party .
neut	a boy hitting a water in the water .
neut	a kid is having fun at the fair .
cont	a child tries to be seen at a raft
cont	the boy is playing basketball on a slide .
cont	a boy in swimming trunks is playing cards .
enta	a boy playing in the water .
enta	an boys is watching his toys .
8-150-32
neut	the boy is a member blocking the area .
neut	a little boy is playing heavy up his toys .
cont	a boy in the mud making a glass box .
cont	a skateboarder is throwing up fruit in a pool .
cont	a boy is learning how to bed at the construction site .
enta	a child is playing
8-150-147
neut	a boy tries to give a bubble play in the water .
neut	a boy wears a special colored broken pool .
neut	a young boy is comforting his time rope .
cont	the young boy is taking a nap in the city .
cont	a young boy is sitting on a park pool .
cont	a young boy helps at the camera .
enta	a young boy is playing with a boy .
6-150-8
neut	the boys play in the water for school
cont	an old man plays in the grocery store
cont	the man has no arms in his mouth pocket
enta	an adult playing in the water in water outside
enta	the boy was in the water playing with water
7-150-8
neut	the bubble can make a meal
cont	a kid is eating in a school playing
cont	the boy was not a branch in water .
cont	the boy is laying late some water .
cont	a boys is eating an art sign .
enta	a children is close to a bubble monster .
9-226-8
neut	a boy in a pool is playing in the pool
neut	a boy is not too to get wet .
neut	a boy is sliding down the pool .
neut	a young boy wades in the pool to watch the pool .
cont	a boy is doing his homework in the pool at the table .
cont	a boy is scared and laying in the yard .
cont	a boy eats ice cream in the kitchen
enta	the boy is near water
enta	a boy playing in the water .
two little girls play in a fountain .
8-150-2
neut	the girls are playing in the fountain at the park .
cont	the girls are playing video games .
cont	the girls are playing in the pool .
cont	the girls are playing in the sand .
enta	girls play in a fountain .
enta	the girls are outside .
enta	two girls play in a fountain .
enta	two girls play in the fountain .
8-150-4
neut	they are playing hide and seek .
neut	the fountain is in the park .
cont	two girls are playing soccer .
cont	two little girls are eating lunch in a restaurant .
enta	girls are playing outside .
enta	they play at the fountain .
enta	girls play in a fountain .
enta	two girls are playing in a fountain .
8-150-8
neut	the girls are ready to go swimming .
neut	the girls are running into the fountain .
neut	two little girls are having a conversation .
neut	two girls are going to go in a fountain .
cont	the girls are sitting down .
cont	the two boys have no shoes
enta	the girls are playing outside in the fountain
enta	there are girls playing .
enta	two children are in the fountain .
enta	there are two girls
8-150-16
neut	two girls inside a fountain having fun
neut	two little girls play with dolls in the fountain .
neut	great animals are playing fetch with their kids .
neut	two girls are swinging from the fountain .
cont	two girls wrestle in her classroom
cont	the girls are building sand .
cont	the girls are playing soccer .
enta	two girls and a fountain
enta	two girls play at the water fountain .
enta	children are playing near a fountain .
8-150-32
neut	a day is well favorite and playing .
neut	two girls are playing indoor performing in a fountain .
neut	two little girls play with the fountain playing .
cont	two girls are gambling in a quiet empty fountain .
cont	two lesbians play in a park and some they eat
cont	two teenagers play videogames for their next glasses .
cont	the two girls are in the library .
enta	the two people in the board are on the water .
enta	two small girls play in a fountain .
enta	two girls play in a fountain .
8-150-147
neut	two girls are getting ready to eat money for two children .
neut	two girls are having a water party
neut	two little girls are running around to a fountain .
cont	two boys are playing soccer at the city fountain .
enta	many girls are playing in a fountain .
enta	two girls are preparing together in a fountain .
6-150-8
neut	an asian wearing a fountain in a fountain
neut	the children play in the fountain at the park
neut	the girls playing in the fountain are white
cont	three people are eating lunch in the living room
enta	the children play in the fountain in the
enta	one of the girls is playing in a fountain
enta	a couple is under the fountain in a fountain
7-150-8
neut	a girl is sitting with it in a fountain .
neut	a few girls in a birthday party
cont	the two girls in a blue play outside .
cont	the two little car is wearing plastic
cont	a couple is singing with the slide
enta	a girls has a running in water .
enta	the two little girl is on something .
enta	kids can a little girl in motion .
9-226-8
neut	two girls are performing at a wedding .
neut	two little girls are playing in the fountain with the graffiti
cont	two girls are playing in a sandbox race .
cont	two girls are playing in the sandbox at the park
cont	two boys are riding horses on the sand .
cont	two girls are riding a horse in the park .
enta	the children play near the water .
enta	two girls play in a fountain .
enta	two girls are outside
young children and parents splashing around a public fountain .
8-150-2
neut	the children are playing in the fountain
neut	children and their mother are playing in a fountain at the park .
neut	people are in a fountain at the park .
cont	the children are playing in the sand .
cont	a man and his father and son are playing in a fountain .
cont	the children are playing in the park .
enta	children are in a fountain .
enta	children and people are playing in a fountain .
enta	the children and the parents are outside
enta	the children are in the fountain .
8-150-4
neut	the kids are pouring the water in the fountain .
neut	the children are trying to get a ball .
neut	children are getting ready to go out on the fountain .
cont	children and their parents play in a park .
cont	three people are eating in a restaurant .
cont	some children are taking a nap in a pool .
cont	four children are eating lunch in the park .
enta	children and children in a fountain
enta	kids and two people are at a fountain .
enta	some people are in a fountain
enta	children are wearing clothes .
8-150-8
neut	some young children are staring at a sunset .
cont	young people sit in the dark .
cont	there are no children in the library .
cont	one cat is eating lunch .
enta	the children and children are enjoying the fountain .
enta	children with mom on a public fountain with adults .
enta	some children in a building are working .
enta	some kids are looking through a fountain in a city .
8-150-16
neut	parents and children are drinking the hot dog water .
cont	kids are jogging around the park .
cont	the family are gathered around a fire on the beach .
cont	a group of kids are asleep in their chairs .
cont	some children eat pizza .
enta	some kids play with each other .
8-150-32
neut	one child has just falls the fountain for him .
neut	three people are hunting through balloons .
cont	a naked fellow is sleeping on a fountain in his backyard .
cont	a couple of kids are playing tag
cont	the children are helping each other at the playground .
cont	a family went at a cruise cruise .
enta	parents and children cross their pool .
8-150-147
neut	a young children jumps into the fountain enjoying a celebration .
neut	people are being watched in line for the concert .
cont	kids are inside playing with good drinks .
cont	three children are assemble up a fire .
cont	the children are running their favorite out .
cont	three children are eating in a fountain .
enta	there are children and at the museum .
enta	two pairs are around a fountain holding water .
6-150-8
neut	an asian girl playing with her child 's pet
neut	the children playing in the public park outside
cont	the children run in the fountain of the fountain
cont	the boys were playing in the public fountain
cont	the kids were playing in the snow alone inside
cont	the children were playing in the grocery store .
enta	the children watch the children play in public
enta	the kids and people are playing at ground
enta	the parents watch the children ride a fountain
enta	the parents splashing around the fountain outside
7-150-8
neut	the young the is small .
neut	a couple enjoy the hot summer day
cont	a group is sleeping and on vacation .
cont	a family sun the fountain with no ocean .
cont	a family studying the classroom playing bingo .
enta	the young person gets ready for something .
9-226-8
neut	children are having fun at a park
cont	the children are running .
cont	young children are standing in class .
cont	the kids and two children are at home next to the store .
enta	children splashing at a fountain .
enta	children are at a fountain .
a woman wearing a vertical striped top , sitting on a bench beside a telephone booth in a train station .
8-150-2
neut	the woman is waiting for her husband to come out of the train .
neut	a woman sits on a bench waiting for her friend to arrive .
cont	the woman is wearing a green shirt .
cont	the woman is standing near a phone booth .
enta	woman sitting on a bench
enta	a woman sitting outside .
enta	a woman wearing a hat is sitting on a bench in a station .
enta	the woman is sitting down .
8-150-4
neut	a woman is wearing a bikini and sitting on a bench waiting for the train
neut	a woman is waiting for her friend to come home .
neut	the woman has a light blue .
cont	the woman is in the living room .
cont	the woman with the blue striped is riding a horse .
cont	a man sitting next to a bus .
enta	a woman sitting outside by a phone booth .
enta	a woman sits near a phone booth .
enta	the woman is sitting in the train station .
8-150-8
neut	a women in a bar is talking on a bench
neut	a woman waits for the train to take in the train station .
cont	a woman wearing a bathing suit is walking through the forest .
cont	a man is next to a lake .
cont	this woman is running through a field .
enta	the woman is sitting outdoors .
enta	there is a women outdoors
enta	a woman is sitting on the bench
enta	a woman traveling by a train station .
8-150-16
neut	the lady is a salesperson .
neut	the woman is talking to a train station .
cont	a woman is running after a long run .
cont	a woman on the cell of a car is running a marathon .
cont	the woman is parked her head in a train station .
enta	a woman at a train station
enta	a woman siting at a train station .
enta	a woman is sitting on a bench outside .
8-150-32
neut	a woman is sitting and waiting for a bus .
cont	a woman in a fight skirt sits on a bus .
cont	the male 's mouth closed was being punished by a woman .
cont	a woman is not building open chairs on a phone .
enta	a woman is sitting on a bench outside .
enta	a woman in yellow is sitting on a bench near a vehicle .
8-150-147
neut	a woman is sitting at a very fun weather .
neut	a woman is waiting for platform a backpack .
neut	the woman is reading a shirt shirt from her brother .
cont	a woman is taking a walk in the front beach .
cont	the woman is standing past a neighborhood .
cont	the woman wearing a plain boat is seated .
enta	a woman is waiting , sitting on the bench with an umbrella .
enta	a woman is crossing a crowded bus .
enta	a woman with a suit looks is sitting on a bench waiting .
enta	a woman is using an directions on transit vests .
6-150-8
neut	the women enjoys the train to the bus
neut	the couple sits on the bench and eating .
neut	the couple just a part of the train
cont	the boy was sitting in the living room
cont	the boy sat on the bench in the park
cont	the women sits on the bench reading a book
cont	the women were sitting on the couch reading .
enta	the lady sits in the train on the bench
7-150-8
neut	a brunette woman was wearing a blue life .
cont	a woman is eating from her truck .
cont	a women speaking to a computer not is signing
cont	a lady is walking along a bike
enta	this woman is holding up a
9-226-8
neut	the woman waits to buy some people on .
neut	a woman is waiting for a taxi in the street .
neut	a woman wearing a blue outfit is waiting for a bus to get on the
neut	a woman on a bus is late to work .
cont	the lady is in a car on the highway .
cont	nobody is under a plate .
cont	a man is watching tv in his office .
cont	the woman is at a nightclub nightclub
enta	the woman waits outside .
on a snowy day a man with a north face jacket walks through the crowded streets past a garbage truck
8-150-2
neut	a man is walking to the top of the snow
cont	a man is sitting on a bench in the park .
cont	a man with a jacket walking through a field .
cont	a man sits on a bench .
enta	there is a man walking through a snow covered street .
enta	the man walks past a garbage truck .
enta	the man is walking past a truck
enta	a man walks through a crowded street .
8-150-4
neut	a man is trying to get out of the snow .
neut	a man is walking to the store to go for his swim .
neut	the couple is taking a picture of the snow .
cont	a man is sitting on a bench in a park
cont	two men are standing in a field .
cont	there is a man running .
cont	the man wearing a blue jacket is walking through a field .
enta	the man is outdoors in the snow .
enta	the man is walking in the snow .
enta	a man walks in a snowy day in the snow .
enta	an adult walking outside .
8-150-8
neut	the man is walking towards a large fire on a sunny day in the city
neut	the man is walking home from work
neut	a man is having a walk party for the first time .
cont	a man is standing on a busy street .
cont	the man is rolling a truck in a field .
cont	the man is on a farm
cont	a man is at home sleeping
enta	the man is outside
8-150-16
neut	the man liked cowboys is wearing a life jacket .
cont	the man eats a soccer ball .
cont	a woman splashes the car
cont	a man falling in a storm
cont	the man was playing soccer .
enta	some people wearing clothes walks in the city .
enta	water streets a road with trash truck .
enta	a man in front of a garbage truck with garbage yellow .
8-150-32
neut	there is a father with their truck outside .
cont	the woman is dead and straight anything and it is raining .
cont	a boy rollerblades in the yard
cont	the man and a girl are running in the mountains .
enta	a boy is walking to scale a truck in the town .
enta	a man is walking along dirt near a garbage car .
enta	a man is walking through neighborhood traffic .
8-150-147
neut	a man is going to get another tree in the snow .
cont	a man is eating cake at a restaurant .
cont	the man is giving a repair of mars .
cont	a whale walks in front of the truck .
cont	a man is wearing a horse hat while standing by the store .
enta	a solitary person is walking along a car .
enta	a man is near the way of a vehicle .
6-150-8
neut	the man wants to take out of the snow
neut	the younger man is walking to the snow
neut	a couple is hiking up to the store
neut	the man wants to take the snow rain .
cont	the man sitting in the lodge has the snow
cont	the lady was walking on the grocery store .
cont	the policeman was sitting in the grocery store .
cont	the men were sitting on the park bench
enta	the guy with a jacket walks through the road .
enta	the man walks through the sidewalk is walking
7-150-8
neut	this man has red is nearby .
cont	a bus sits at church .
cont	a couple relaxing on a hot day .
cont	a child is watching television watches from work
enta	the man has a lot of it now .
enta	the snowy and truck are wearing a .
9-226-8
neut	a man is on vacation in the forest .
neut	there is a man in his parent likes in the bridge .
neut	a man is taking a break from work .
cont	a man dressed in black is climbing a hill in the middle of the road
cont	a man in a gray shirt is swimming in the river .
cont	the man is playing on the beach
cont	a boy in red and playing his friends in a store .
enta	there are several people walk in the road
enta	a group of men standing in the middle of the road .
a big tan dog drinks water from an outdoor water spout .
8-150-2
neut	a big dog drinking from a water park
cont	a dog is sleeping on the couch .
cont	the cat has a stick .
enta	the dog has a mouth in his mouth .
enta	a dog is outside .
enta	there is a dog drinking water .
8-150-4
neut	a dog is going to get a bath .
cont	a dog is eating a bone
cont	a black dog is swimming .
enta	there is a dog in the water .
enta	a big tan dog drinks .
enta	the small dog is drinking from the water .
8-150-8
neut	the dog is wanting to get the ball .
cont	a child is eating food at a water puddle
cont	the brown dog splashing in the water .
enta	a big dog is playing water wet .
enta	a big dog makes water water from a water water
8-150-16
neut	the dog is having a snowball down .
neut	the animal is about to eat food
cont	a cat drinks water .
cont	the dog is drinking hot with three cows .
cont	the person has a tire on his head
enta	the dog stands outside
enta	the dog is in the water .
8-150-32
neut	a dog is at the aquarium about for his day .
neut	a puppy is chasing himself out to go into a pool .
neut	a dog is getting warm for a day
cont	the cat who is no color over no water .
enta	a big dog is people .
8-150-147
neut	a couple lands on a food field .
neut	a dog pig in the water waiting for his owner .
cont	the cat is actually from his dog .
cont	a group is feeding coffee in a tree .
enta	a dog with water in public .
enta	a dog caught water after the water .
enta	a dog is serving something from a water .
6-150-8
neut	the dog can get a ball in the
neut	an old dog eating water from the water
neut	the dog can get a ball to a swimming pool
cont	an individual sitting in the middle of a field
cont	the dogs run from the grocery store
cont	an animal is at home on the couch
enta	the dog was in the water from water
enta	the dog drinks water from the outdoor water outside
7-150-8
neut	the dog has a lot that cut
cont	a crowd of riding his skateboard down a beach .
cont	a person is reading the jungle rat
cont	the big dog is inside waving .
enta	a person likes water at the lake
9-226-8
neut	a dog likes the water for food
cont	a dog is napping on a stone fence .
enta	the animal walks through the water .
enta	a dog stands and water water .
enta	a dog jumps in water
a woman , viewed through a window , sits at a restaurant table and puts down a red shopping bag .
8-150-2
neut	a woman is shopping for a family .
cont	the woman is in the kitchen
cont	the dogs are outside .
cont	a woman is looking at a car .
cont	the woman is at the beach .
enta	a woman looks at a window in a restaurant
enta	there is a woman in a restaurant .
enta	a woman looks at a window in a restaurant table .
8-150-4
neut	a woman sits on the red car and she is looking for her shopping shopping
neut	the woman is wearing a dress .
cont	an old woman sits on a couch .
enta	a woman is shopping at a restaurant
enta	a person sits on a red sidewalk .
enta	a woman sits at a table and looks at a table .
enta	she is holding a bag .
8-150-8
neut	a woman holding a bag of food at a restaurant .
neut	a woman with her shopping booth is waiting to go on .
cont	a woman is relaxing on the beach .
cont	a woman is watching a movie in her kitchen .
cont	a lady at the beach .
enta	a woman and a a bag and a bag .
enta	a woman in this picture is getting a food .
enta	someone is sitting at a grocery table .
8-150-16
neut	a mother bakes her hands at a restaurant .
neut	a woman is hot about to go in the cafe .
neut	the woman is grocery store to find a home home .
neut	a blonde person sits on the curb with her family .
cont	a girl is enjoying a bath inside .
cont	the man is asleep at the store .
enta	the woman is seated at the table .
enta	a woman is at a restaurant .
8-150-32
neut	a woman is trying to get a christmas dinner .
cont	a man on a bench , sits on a window .
enta	a woman is relaxing with an object
enta	this woman is eyeing and holding up something up .
8-150-147
neut	a woman behind the beer empty of a table .
cont	a woman tries to stop at the mall .
cont	the woman is examining a blue hat .
enta	a woman is hanging out with a sheet of furniture .
6-150-8
neut	the couple wants to eat their dinner .
cont	the man was looking at the window with him
cont	the lady walks through the store in home
cont	the boy jumps into the window was reading
cont	the boy sits at the table and talking
enta	the women were a shopping window with .
7-150-8
neut	a women is waiting for the shopping mall .
neut	a lady is enjoying a lot of work .
neut	a mom was using the other window .
neut	she is worried while looking on food
cont	a naked woman is watching the ski rope .
cont	a person waits for the concert to play
cont	woman readies to catch a tiger .
enta	woman does her bag .
9-226-8
neut	the wine of the person is enjoying the food at the store .
neut	a woman buys ice cream from her shopping .
neut	a woman is shopping for candy
cont	there are people taking a break .
cont	the woman is running around the beach .
cont	a woman is inside an airplane .
cont	a woman drinks a coffee in the street .
enta	the shop in an ad is at the shop .
a couple sitting in white lawn chairs are smiling at the camera .
8-150-2
neut	a couple is sitting in a chair at a park
neut	the couple are having a picnic .
cont	the couple is in a car
cont	a couple is standing in a field .
cont	the couple are at the beach
enta	a couple sitting .
enta	a couple is sitting in a lawn chairs up
enta	a couple sitting in chairs .
8-150-4
neut	a couple sitting at a wedding .
neut	a man is smiling at the camera while he is getting ready to go .
cont	a couple are sitting at the table .
cont	two people are standing .
cont	a couple is playing a game of basketball .
enta	a couple sits in chairs beside a camera .
enta	the couple smiling at the camera .
enta	there is a photographer looking at a camera
8-150-8
neut	the couple are wearing green aprons .
neut	a couple is talking about politics and smiling at a camera .
cont	a couple is laying in the grass .
enta	there are people smiling .
enta	a couple watches as happy man .
enta	a couple is sitting down in front of a camera .
8-150-16
neut	a couple is watching a race from a camera .
cont	a girl in white eating dinner .
enta	these people are smiling at the camera .
enta	a couple sitting atop a lawn chairs .
8-150-32
neut	a couple got at the camera recording .
cont	a couple walking slowly around in a large pool .
cont	a couple put on their phones indoors .
cont	the couple is hiking through the store .
enta	two people sit in front of an advertisement .
enta	a couple at what each other with their cameras .
enta	a few people are pointed at their camera
8-150-147
neut	a small couple are sitting at a party
cont	a couple are sitting by a lake watching .
cont	the people is happy and black horses .
enta	a couple is being looking at the camera .
enta	a couple hold at the camera covered .
enta	the city couple is sitting on a lawn chair .
6-150-8
neut	the boy was happy to be a camera
neut	the women smiles at the camera and smiling
cont	the women sit in the middle of concrete
cont	the boy sits on the couch watching tv
cont	the man was sitting in his car outside .
cont	the men sitting in the grass is a crowd
enta	the couple sit in the chairs and smiling
enta	the couple sits in the grass in their chairs
7-150-8
neut	the old couple is wearing sunglasses together
neut	the couple can play for school
cont	the photographer is selling an ice cream cone .
cont	a couple are running from a mountain path .
enta	a small couple is enjoying a on furniture .
enta	a child looks as the camera posing outdoors
9-226-8
neut	some people are sitting on a farm .
neut	a couple sitting on the bench at the park .
neut	the couple is sitting outside during a game .
cont	nobody has a smile
cont	a couple of people are inside playing music .
cont	a couple is kissing her dog .
enta	they are in the grass
enta	a couple is happening sitting down
a man is cooking pies in the oven .
8-150-2
neut	a man is making food for his family .
neut	the man is cooking a pie for his wife
cont	a man is eating a sandwich .
cont	man eating a cake .
enta	a man is cooking food .
enta	a man is cooking some the oven in the kitchen
enta	a man is cooking food in the oven .
8-150-4
neut	a man prepares food for his family .
cont	a man is running through the woods .
cont	the man and the woman are eating .
cont	a man is watching tv .
enta	a man cooking .
enta	a man is making food .
enta	a human cooking food in the kitchen .
enta	the man is baking .
8-150-8
neut	the man is celebrating his wife .
neut	a man is enjoying his food
cont	a man is sitting at the kitchen table .
cont	the man is reading a book .
enta	there is a man in his kitchen .
enta	a man is making food for a meal .
enta	a guy is making a meal
enta	a man is preparing food
8-150-16
neut	the man just got done dinner for the kitchen
neut	the man is making breakfast for the food .
cont	a man is talking to one another
cont	a man is watching others on a street corner having his house
cont	a man swimming in the playground
cont	the man is picking kittens
enta	a man is cooking steak meal on a kitchen .
enta	the kitchen is long in the kitchen .
enta	a person has a glass oven .
8-150-32
neut	a man is taking thanksgiving fish with a cake .
cont	a man is cooking dinner with their empty cafeteria .
cont	the caucasian man is eating lunch .
enta	a man in cold the oven
8-150-147
neut	the man is outside wearing a favorite chicken plant .
cont	a man is cooking fish while of a good color .
cont	a crazy man is wearing a silk and he stole cooking .
cont	the man is working loudly in the living room .
enta	a man is cooking food .
enta	a man is cooking with his garden
enta	the man is using a bread dinner .
6-150-8
neut	the tall person has a meal in it
neut	the old man was cooking at a restaurant .
cont	the boy has been fishing on the ground outside .
cont	the man cooks hot dogs in a park .
enta	the guy has a meal in the kitchen .
enta	an event eating a food in the kitchen
7-150-8
neut	man playing their bread into bread .
cont	the white man looks at the bank .
cont	a business man has his lunch on the phone
enta	this person cooks something .
9-226-8
neut	a man is making food for a meal for his family .
cont	a man is chopping on his porch .
cont	man is cutting fruit at the beach .
enta	a man is working in the cook together .
enta	a man is cooking
enta	the man is cooking .
enta	a person is cooking food .
a rescue diver just getting out of the dirty water .
8-150-2
neut	the wakeboarder is getting ready to go swimming .
neut	the diver has just finished his job .
neut	someone uses a fishing diver on the beach in the water
neut	a diver has a wave .
cont	the diver is taking a nap in his car
cont	the diver is swimming in the ocean .
cont	a man is taking a nap on the beach .
cont	the diver is taking a nap in the sun .
enta	a person dives into the water .
enta	the person is outside .
enta	a man is getting out of the water .
enta	a man is getting out of the water .
8-150-4
neut	a person is getting ready for a date .
cont	the child is reading a book .
cont	a person is taking a nap on the beach .
cont	a dog and a cat are taking a shower .
enta	a person is getting wet off of the water .
enta	two men are using a body .
enta	the person has the water in his hand .
enta	a person is getting their hair wet .
8-150-8
neut	there are half fisherman in the surfing .
neut	a parachute lays is in the ocean because it is his favorite .
cont	a man is standing still in his room .
cont	woman driving on beach
cont	the person is at a ballet suit .
enta	a fisherman uses the water on the ground
enta	the fisherman surfing in the water .
8-150-16
neut	five boys paddle out out of the water .
neut	they is cleaning a hot water for the water .
cont	the fishing diver is wagging his silent .
cont	a scuba diver is shooting people out .
cont	the scuba diver is racing .
enta	a body scuba diver is playing .
enta	a sea ship is getting out of the water .
8-150-32
neut	a fishing diver carrying his coat out of the rough water
cont	a person is inside the pool .
cont	a cat is scared of heights
cont	the conductor is throwing instead light board .
enta	a diver taking a trip that the water water .
8-150-147
neut	there is a diver going after a jump .
neut	the skydiver is helping his body fishing .
cont	a man is running with his dog at the lake .
cont	the construction workers is chopping up the fire .
cont	a fridge of trees are going out of the water .
enta	there is a fisherman catches up water .
enta	a task of water was outside .
6-150-8
neut	the scuba diver swims in the ocean ocean
neut	the girl just got done work with the water .
neut	the boy in the water is a diver .
cont	the dogs run away from the hot dog
cont	no one working on the hot summer day
cont	the dog jumps into the water the water
cont	an scuba diver swimming laps in a pool
enta	the scuba diver is getting out of a body .
7-150-8
neut	man just finished out on a boat .
cont	a woman is hitting up a diving fight .
cont	a women is skiing alone on the couch .
cont	a person is lifting down a chair
enta	the boat has over a body of water
enta	a person is getting out off water .
enta	a person is watching his boat .
9-226-8
neut	the man is at the lake on the water
cont	a woman is cutting ice cream .
cont	the bird is going to bed .
cont	a group of people are at the movies of their house
enta	a person is being water .
enta	a fisherman is surfing in water .
two construction workers in a truck having a conversation .
8-150-2
neut	the workers are talking about work .
neut	the workers are all wearing hats .
neut	two construction workers are talking about a large deal .
cont	two construction workers are sitting on the ground .
cont	two people are eating in a restaurant .
enta	two men talking
enta	the men are talking together .
enta	the workers are in a truck .
enta	the workers are having a conversation .
8-150-4
neut	a man is talking to a woman in a truck .
neut	two women talking about their wives .
neut	two women talking about the weather
neut	the two workers are wearing a red hat .
cont	the two men were in the car
cont	two workers are sitting at the bar drinking .
cont	people are playing volleyball .
enta	two construction workers are having a conversation
enta	two people are talking outside .
enta	workers talk to each other .
8-150-8
neut	the construction crew talking about the job .
neut	workers are fixing the roof .
cont	workers are studying at the library .
enta	workers are standing in a truck .
enta	the construction workers work in a truck .
enta	the workers are working .
8-150-16
neut	the group is happy to be seen on
neut	two men having a conversation .
neut	some people are tired of work
neut	the workers are working to repair up .
cont	the two construction workers are eating lunch at the diner .
cont	the men are racing each other on a sidewalk .
enta	two postal workers are conversing in a truck .
8-150-32
neut	some construction workers lay to a break for work
cont	two workers are eating lunch in a bar .
enta	one person is flipping over a truck .
enta	the two workers are having a discussion .
enta	there are two workers outside of a building .
8-150-147
neut	two workers are discussing a job 's tire .
cont	two workers are sitting at a car .
cont	there are no workers building in front of the truck .
cont	the workers are racing this day
enta	three construction workers are talking in front of a truck .
6-150-8
neut	the men were going to the job room
neut	the workers wearing the vehicle are a house .
cont	an empty truck is being held in the city
cont	the man sits in the middle of the road .
cont	no one watched the construction site is empty
enta	an empty truck is talking to the workers
7-150-8
neut	the construction with construction workers are on break .
neut	the boy has on a truck
neut	the construction man can be for construction
cont	a person is playing on fire .
cont	the construction boy is performing outdoors
cont	a woman is fast asleep under a truck .
cont	a couple is waiting for dance .
enta	workers are conversing to a scene
9-226-8
neut	two workers are about to get the day out of the road .
neut	the construction worker is working to get job for the train .
neut	two blonde women are in a parking lot .
cont	two workers are eating pizza at the restaurant
cont	the construction workers are driving cars .
cont	the construction workers are in the middle of a break of .
enta	two workers are working in a vehicle
an asian man stands behind a makeshift storefront with a handmade yellow poster advertising watch repair .
8-150-2
neut	a tall human looking at a man .
neut	the man is the movie artist in the library
neut	a man is shopping for a new store .
cont	the man is riding a bike .
cont	the man is swimming in the ocean
cont	a woman is looking at a window .
enta	a man is looking at a screen .
enta	someone is looking at a display .
enta	a man is looking at a display .
enta	a man is standing behind a store
8-150-4
neut	a man is going to buy a gift
neut	an asian man is standing behind a building with a protest sign .
cont	an asian man is standing behind a tree .
enta	a man is at the store .
enta	a person stands behind a building with a colorful poster
enta	there are at least two people in the picture .
enta	an asian man is standing
8-150-8
neut	a man is entertaining a wedding
cont	a white man gives the empty speech .
cont	a white woman is standing up for her friends .
cont	a woman watches a man ride a bus .
cont	a man is standing behind the store watching television .
enta	the man is looking at the poster .
8-150-16
neut	a man is buying clothes for a store
neut	a man is enjoying his day day at work .
cont	a little girl is lying down on top of a building .
cont	the man is texting with the people .
cont	the man is not wearing a lot of clothes .
enta	a man is waiting with people
8-150-32
neut	a man is looking for a store that is shop .
neut	man is protesting at work while standing in his kitchen .
neut	a man is selling candy at the fair .
neut	a man selling items to a burger store .
cont	the man is asleep at home .
cont	an african man stands behind a wall behind him at the bazaar .
enta	the asian man stands behind a display display .
8-150-147
neut	the man is trying to catch hugs
neut	a man is going to ask his health pose .
neut	the man is waiting for his subway display .
cont	a man is drinking a beer on the grill .
cont	the factory is welding a ghost .
cont	a market is being destroyed on the temple .
cont	the small man is drawing a baseball game .
enta	an asian man stands with a book in the open shop .
6-150-8
neut	an asian man 's sign is very hot
cont	the dog was sitting in his bedroom .
cont	the asian woman was sitting in a chair .
cont	an asian woman stands behind the store store
enta	the asian person standing behind a store with store
enta	the men standing behind the top store with art
enta	the man has a toy in his hand
7-150-8
neut	some men the grocery store are .
cont	a lady is dressed in a house .
cont	some men standing were riding the roller coaster .
cont	the asian man is taking a plane .
enta	man parked near the store .
9-226-8
neut	a man is selling flowers
neut	the man is at a newspaper .
neut	an asian man is looking at his daughter 's new outfit .
cont	an asian man rides in a street .
cont	the asian man is sitting at his bedroom with his wife 's bed .
cont	the man is wearing an orange and directing the store .
enta	an standing man standing outside a store to the store .
enta	a man stands in a store .
a man in a light pink polo shirt holds a flag splayed out in the air behind him .
8-150-2
neut	a tall human holding
neut	the man is a cop
cont	the man is wearing a green shirt .
cont	a man in a black shirt holds a flag .
cont	the man is in the desert .
enta	the man is near the flag .
enta	a person is outdoors .
8-150-4
neut	someone is on a flag for a friend .
cont	the man has nothing in his hands .
cont	a man is running in the park .
enta	a man is standing near a flag .
enta	the man has a flag in the air .
enta	a man is holding a flag .
8-150-8
neut	man is an a star .
cont	someone is watching tv .
cont	the man is eating cake .
enta	a man is holding a flag and a flag .
enta	a man wearing a shirt dances .
8-150-16
neut	a man is trying to win the flag
neut	the man was known important to the flag
cont	a woman performs for a group of people
enta	a man is holding a flag on a shirt .
enta	a man is holding a flag saw in front of him .
enta	a man is leaping over a flag sign
8-150-32
neut	a man prepares to impress a bouquet from the crowd .
cont	the man is holding a flag inside .
cont	the man , playing in the desert was wearing a yellow shirt .
enta	someone has been removed anything .
enta	a man has a flag number in the air .
8-150-147
neut	a man wearing the shirts is holding a flag for a week .
neut	a man is badly a flag on the board .
cont	a man is tying his yellow animal in a field .
cont	a man is sitting down and is about to go into a restaurant .
enta	a man is wearing a flag cowboy .
6-150-8
neut	the tall person holds the flag to him
neut	the boy likes to go to the store
neut	the tall person was holding his flag outside
cont	the boys were playing in the park outside .
cont	the boys were playing in the middle of dirt
cont	an empty flag stands in the air behind .
enta	the man holds the flag to a flag .
enta	an athlete with a flag shirt is standing
enta	the boy was holding something in the air
7-150-8
neut	the man is reading from a flag .
neut	the man broke the flag for his family to school .
cont	a women is holding something out at work
cont	a girl is eating a steak outside .
cont	a couple of dogs are fighting .
enta	a person is working on a group outside .
9-226-8
neut	a man is protesting against the flag in front of the store
cont	the man is eating at a table .
enta	a man with a flag , holding a flag on his head .
enta	a man is holding a flag
enta	a man holding a flag is in his shirt
older men talking and standing around .
8-150-2
neut	older men talking about a parade .
neut	men are talking and standing around at a party
neut	men talking and standing around at a party
cont	the older men are playing chess in the park .
cont	the men are at a bar
enta	older men are standing .
enta	men talking and standing around
enta	a man and men are talking and standing around
8-150-4
neut	the older men are talking about their day .
neut	men are talking about a large group of men .
cont	older men are playing basketball
enta	the group of men are near each other .
enta	young men are standing .
enta	men outside talking
enta	older men in a picture are talking with each other .
8-150-8
neut	the older men are talking to each other in a race .
cont	the men are laying down for lunch .
cont	several men are sleeping outside .
cont	a group of young women are getting ready to dive .
enta	people are talking .
8-150-16
neut	the young men talk about what they are all outside .
neut	the men are talking about girls from the street .
cont	people are arguing at a bar .
enta	there are men and women on something .
8-150-32
neut	the men know afraid what is going to .
neut	young men talking while on their way for a minute .
cont	the men are eating lunch outside .
cont	a man drinks nike on the stage
cont	a topless fight is dining .
cont	two men are horseback in a meadow .
enta	there are at least people working .
enta	men talking are outside
8-150-147
neut	the men are going to go in the city .
neut	the men are ready to win the crowd .
cont	the men are talking at the table .
cont	no men are talking on the ground .
cont	the men are running around the distance .
cont	old younger man carrying a wall on the ground .
enta	some people are standing with each other .
6-150-8
neut	an old asian man talking to his wife
neut	an older man is talking to a crowd
cont	the men were at the park on the moon
cont	an older woman walks around the store .
cont	an older woman is sitting on a chair
enta	an older person talking and standing in line
enta	an older person talking to the other .
enta	the young people standing around the men talk
7-150-8
neut	a couple just finished alone
cont	a family cafeteria the class are running firewood
cont	a lady is playing with in shoes
cont	elderly woman are taking a rest in their .
cont	old men are driving down the
enta	the older elderly man talking .
9-226-8
neut	the men are talking about their mom in a library .
neut	older man men are waiting for their parents to get the other company on the
cont	the men are drinking in the park .
cont	the old men are sitting in the sand .
cont	older men are sitting down to the bathroom .
enta	older men talking to each other
a man trying to block another man from shooting the ball in .
8-150-2
neut	a man trying to get to the top of a soccer ball .
neut	a tall person
neut	they are playing catch .
neut	two men play ball in a play monopoly .
cont	the man is playing with a dog
cont	a man is playing basketball .
cont	a man is playing with a dog .
enta	the man is trying to make a ball .
enta	the man is trying to make a ball .
enta	the man is trying to get a ball .
enta	a man is playing with a ball .
8-150-4
neut	two men are playing fetch
neut	a man is at a park .
neut	one person is trying to catch a ball to another .
cont	a woman is playing golf .
cont	the men are walking down the street .
cont	two men are lying on the beach
enta	there are two men outdoors
enta	a man is being watched .
8-150-8
neut	a man is about to take his first date .
cont	an old man is snowboarding .
cont	a woman taking a nap in the living room .
cont	the tennis court is very a man and a man .
enta	a man is outside
enta	a man and an man are outdoors .
8-150-16
neut	younger man holding hands in front of another man with the ball .
neut	one man is lost
neut	the man is a of a teammate
cont	a woman is removing a man from the police .
cont	a man punching the man by the camera
cont	a man drying another man from his head .
enta	someone is being carried .
enta	the guy is hammering something .
8-150-32
neut	a man with a baseball gets injured
neut	the man is smiling and power a baseball .
cont	the men were drinking water .
cont	the man is listening to music .
cont	the man is alone in the grass .
enta	a man is target by a performance .
8-150-147
neut	the man is trying to get a football game .
neut	it is a man began the opposing team .
neut	a man has very men on the field .
cont	a guy is watching a man warm stands .
cont	a canoe digs in a room with more exposed .
enta	a man with an airborne device is playing a sport .
6-150-8
neut	the tall man is the only in the background
neut	the men play the ball in an indoor .
cont	the women play with the man 's ball
cont	an empty single person with the same can
cont	the women were playing basketball in a field
cont	the man sat in the middle of fire .
enta	the man tries to get to the ball
enta	the guys make a man from one the ball
7-150-8
neut	the men are making another man in football ring
neut	a guy is hunting for the person outside .
cont	the tennis players in break because the other do play .
cont	the young man is eating a pizza in their chair .
enta	a person and man are hitting another man
enta	these men walk the ball .
9-226-8
neut	the man is attempting to stop another dog for the day in the party .
neut	the man is a baseball
neut	a man stands in the air while another place in the race .
neut	two friends are in the city .
cont	a man is fishing in a lake
cont	a man is teaching a girl how to play .
cont	a man is cooking on a roof .
cont	nobody is pointing
enta	a man stands up to a person .
enta	a man climbs up to a ball .
enta	a man about to another man who is trying to get a man to work
a group of children walking on a trail .
8-150-2
neut	a group of children are walking to the park to get to the store .
neut	the kids are walking to the store .
cont	the kids are on the couch .
cont	some children are sitting in a cafe .
enta	a group of children walking outside .
enta	the children are walking .
enta	children walk on a trail .
8-150-4
neut	children are at a park
neut	some children have just won .
cont	the group is watching tv
cont	a single man sitting .
cont	children play in the park
cont	the kids are in a house .
enta	children are walking on a trail .
enta	the group of children are walking .
enta	kids are walking on a trail .
enta	some children walking on a trail .
8-150-8
neut	the kids are performing for the crowd .
neut	a boy and his mother are walking toward a mountain .
neut	the family walking down the trail .
cont	a single jungle is playing with a ball .
cont	the group of kids were sleeping .
cont	a boy and his friends are running .
cont	a group of children are indoors .
enta	the kids walks on a trail .
enta	a group of young people walking on a trail .
enta	some humans walking
enta	a group of children are walking on a trail .
8-150-16
neut	the children are searching for a photograph
neut	children were busy while carrying the trail .
neut	several children are playing on a trail
cont	the group is looking at a sea
cont	a group of kids have fallen riding on a hill .
enta	a group of children were walking on the trail
enta	a group of children are walking on the trail .
enta	children at a trail together .
enta	some children are on a trail .
8-150-32
neut	the boy is on pink horseback course by .
cont	a group was sitting impatiently in the shopping mall .
cont	a lone adults walk on a rocky moat
enta	a group of children are walking along a path .
enta	children are walking in a trail .
enta	kids are walking together .
8-150-147
neut	a group of children passes a leisurely trail in the mountains .
neut	some children are going to snow
cont	a person is sitting on the side of a mountain .
cont	a full group of kids are enjoying a sand market .
cont	there are several children sitting on the trail .
cont	a group of kids stand on the sidewalk with their heads .
enta	three children are walking down a trail .
enta	a group of people walking on a trail .
6-150-8
neut	the girls walk on a trail in california
neut	the children walk on the trail in california
neut	the children walk on the trail in california
cont	the boys walk on the trail with the trail
cont	the boys were playing in the sand asleep outside
cont	the children were running on the trail in the woods
cont	the children run on the trail with the trail
enta	the kids walk on the trail walking .
enta	the children walk on a trail running .
enta	the children were walking on the trail walking .
7-150-8
neut	the boy is dressed in a white suit .
cont	the group of kids on concrete together .
cont	a few children running outside from a dog path
cont	some dinosaurs walks on the living room
enta	the group of kids can be walking
enta	a child walk along with the trail
9-226-8
neut	a group of friends walk down a river to get home .
neut	the children are on their way to go skiing
neut	a group of children walk down the river on a sunny day
cont	a group of adults are walking on a street .
cont	the people are swimming at the pool .
cont	kids are swimming .
enta	there are people walking down a road .
there is a baseball player in a yellow shirt running midfield .
8-150-2
neut	a man is playing baseball for his friends .
neut	a man is playing a game of baseball at a baseball game .
neut	the baseball player is a professional player .
cont	a man is playing basketball with his friends .
cont	a person playing basketball
cont	the person is wearing a blue shirt
enta	a person is playing a game .
8-150-4
neut	a man is playing a game of baseball
neut	a person is running to catch a ball .
neut	the baseball player is a professional .
cont	a man in a red shirt is running a marathon .
cont	a player is at the beach .
cont	the player is taking a nap .
enta	a player plays baseball
enta	a person running
8-150-8
neut	a baseball player hits a game
neut	a baseball player is running on the field waiting for the other team .
cont	the player is sleeping on the sofa .
cont	a baseball player walks to his base in the stadium .
enta	the baseball player is wearing clothing .
enta	the player is running .
enta	a baseball player is wearing yellow clothes .
8-150-16
neut	a baseball player is playing baseball at work .
neut	a player is running to catch a ball
neut	an player is attempting to score the touchdown .
cont	the player is a person alone .
cont	a batter throws the ball in a field .
cont	the baseball player sits alone on the treadmill
enta	a baseball player in a yellow shirt is running .
8-150-32
neut	a player is handing someone for items
neut	the pitcher stands by the base of the last baseball game .
neut	a baseball player tackles a league goal .
neut	a baseball player running near a baseball game .
cont	the football player in a yellow shirt has hands up .
cont	the player is wearing a purple shirt .
enta	a baseball player is running outside that something is above on .
enta	a baseball player is playing a game .
8-150-147
neut	the score is a very played .
neut	a group of brothers is running to win a game .
neut	the score is very strong for the game .
neut	the baseball player is about to fall the other player .
cont	a tennis player on the ground with his grandson .
enta	a person is playing a game with a bat .
6-150-8
neut	the player just got done in a baseball game
neut	the player just got done to play the game
cont	the man was running in the living room
cont	the player runs the ball in a car .
cont	the player eats the ball in his hands .
cont	the player runs down the street and bat
enta	the player 's shirt runs in it
enta	an athlete in a yellow shirt is running
7-150-8
neut	a game is about to a big field meet .
cont	a person is holding the basketball field
enta	a person uses another player on baseball
9-226-8
neut	the player is playing trying to play his goal .
neut	the player has hit the ball and hit the ball
neut	the player is running his two
cont	a soccer player is sleeping and running down the street .
cont	the baseball player is sitting down to play basketball .
enta	this baseball player is outside .
two women and a man are in a sporty red convertible in front of a large group of people on the sidewalk .
8-150-2
neut	people are waiting for the bus to start .
cont	a group of people are sitting in a chair .
cont	the people are at the beach
enta	people are outside of a large group of people .
enta	there are people in a crowd of people .
enta	some people are outside .
enta	the women and man are in front of a large group of people .
8-150-4
neut	the two women and the man are trying to get the bikes on the sidewalk
neut	three people are going to a party
cont	the women are walking down the street with their hands .
cont	the women are taking a nap .
cont	two men and a woman play basketball
enta	a couple people are together .
enta	2 people are being watched by a group of people .
8-150-8
neut	the man and woman are looking at the group of people .
neut	three people have a married 's closed .
cont	both men and woman are running .
cont	all of the men are not wearing new clothing .
cont	three people on a boat .
enta	the men and woman are wearing clothes
8-150-16
neut	a group of they play about to play a game
neut	a couple of girls and a man try to buy a new plane .
cont	the man and a woman are sitting in a protest .
cont	there are men looking at the sky
cont	a red couple of two women sleeping near a pool .
enta	there are men on the sidewalk with a bunch of people .
8-150-32
neut	people all have respect of themselves for a cancer .
neut	a man and woman are trying to avoid each other while a group of people
cont	three people are flying an led national
cont	the womens have never fighting of themselves on the sidewalk .
enta	guys and a women wearing a suit
enta	a person works on the sidewalk .
enta	there are multiple people .
8-150-147
neut	a couple of people are unable to buy a new counter .
neut	a group of people celebrate up while the others finishes up the sidewalk .
cont	the guitarist and people are in the desert .
cont	the people are fighting in the bunch of each other .
cont	the men are trying to dress in front of the other .
cont	the two women are washing a lovely man .
enta	the women are next to an city with others .
enta	a chubby man is near a larger colors of people on sidewalk .
6-150-8
neut	the couple just got done dressed a friend
neut	the women and man were on a date outside .
cont	the guys and a man are playing the piano
cont	the women were playing basketball in a field
cont	the women were playing with the bike on them
enta	the women and man are standing on the sidewalk
7-150-8
neut	some women 's top the badge .
neut	one women racing home after their shopping together
neut	a family waits to ride horses
neut	man does day in his car .
cont	the two friends are at the gym .
cont	a group of people are sleeping
cont	the group of men is facing from red
enta	a woman moves near a large group .
9-226-8
neut	a group of people are walking to their beach their walk to california .
neut	the group of people are making a lot of food .
neut	a group of friends dressed in red for halloween dress on the side of the
cont	a group of men walk down the street at a beach
cont	a group stands and three men in the building .
cont	the men are wearing suits suits
cont	all the people are taking a walk .
enta	a group of people are with a car
enta	the people are in a car .
enta	a group of people are outside in a square
enta	people are standing around outside with other people walking
adults with their kids are riding on a small red train .
8-150-2
neut	the adults are riding their way to the beach .
cont	adults are riding bikes .
cont	the people are riding bikes
cont	there are people watching a child in the park
cont	people are swimming in the ocean .
enta	the adults are on a train
enta	there are people in a train .
enta	there are people in a train .
enta	people riding their children on a train .
8-150-4
neut	a group of friends ride their cars to the store .
neut	the group of friends are riding the train to get to their friend 's house
cont	a dog is sleeping on the train .
cont	a man with his family in a car .
cont	adults are riding a bicycle .
cont	two kids are playing basketball .
enta	a man and his kids are outdoors .
enta	adults and children are riding on the train .
enta	the adults are on the train .
enta	adults are riding their tricycles .
8-150-8
neut	the people are doing their for their work .
cont	three adults in a circus race .
cont	children are running in the grass .
cont	people are riding a blue train .
enta	the people are riding a train
enta	some people are going through the train .
8-150-16
neut	the adults are competing at a large red train .
cont	some adults sitting on the beach .
cont	a judge sitting on a large red train .
cont	many adults are playing hopscotch .
cont	the students are in the ballet quartet .
enta	the kids were riding their children are outside .
enta	an adult , with their children are riding on a yellow train .
8-150-32
neut	a group of adults are trying to feed their people riding .
neut	kids watch for the train to chase .
neut	a train is going time
cont	an adult and green vehicle are eating lunch .
cont	a person and some friends watch the bike they are surfing
cont	the bus is going to have a kite .
enta	adults are riding high and is on the train .
enta	more than one person is in the train .
8-150-147
neut	people are taking a tour through the road .
neut	the tour de and adults are going to mountain in the snow .
cont	the adults are riding blue balls .
cont	adults are running in a car during the day .
cont	the kids are sitting on the train rear .
cont	the adults ride alligators in an object .
enta	people are gathered in the front train .
6-150-8
neut	the adults ride in the train is related .
neut	the adults ride on the train to be working
neut	the friends ride the train to their home
cont	the adults walk on the bus on the beach
cont	the adults were riding in the roller coaster
cont	all two children riding on the small train
enta	all a kids riding on a train .
enta	the adults ride on the train in it
7-150-8
neut	a family are taking the train .
neut	a family is looking for her .
neut	adults can n't want for an train stop .
cont	a person is eating the garden
cont	the small train was a man inside on a floor .
cont	an adult 's two his kids riding his tricycle
enta	a human rides her fellow .
9-226-8
neut	a group of friends are taking a trip trip to their class .
neut	a family is sitting inside the train looking at the train station .
cont	the kids are riding bikes on the beach .
cont	adults are sitting at the park with their dog .
cont	adults are riding their bikes on the highway .
cont	adults are watching a woman ride a bike up the road .
enta	people are using their way to a train
enta	there are people with the ox on to a train .
enta	kids are with other children .
a woman observes a rusted antique car .
8-150-2
neut	a woman is getting ready to go to the store
neut	a woman is getting ready to go to work
cont	a woman is riding a bike
cont	the woman is riding a bike
enta	a woman is riding a vehicle .
enta	a woman is looking at a car
enta	a woman is looking at a car .
8-150-4
neut	the woman is a singer .
neut	the lady is performing a trick with her friend .
cont	a woman rides a bike .
cont	a man sits with his hands in his hands .
cont	a man is painting a sweater on a sunny day .
cont	a man is riding a roller vehicle .
enta	a woman observes the car
enta	the woman is sitting .
8-150-8
neut	the drag is a construction worker .
neut	the woman is going in a race .
cont	a woman is reading a book at the mall .
cont	a man is out of his car
cont	a woman and her child are eating dinner at a restaurant .
cont	a woman is brushing off the car .
enta	she is looking at something .
enta	a woman is putting something
enta	a woman stares at a shoe
8-150-16
neut	the woman does her new red car while she passes the
neut	a women talks her metal truck in a studio .
cont	a woman is running on the beach .
cont	a woman cries as she is kneeling .
enta	the woman is using a iron can .
enta	woman is writing a wares
8-150-32
neut	a girl adjusts a train car lot to begin .
neut	there is a person coming very large driver .
cont	bob was performing his tricks .
cont	the woman is jumping in the spring .
cont	a man covers his dad on his cars .
enta	there is construction is full of others .
enta	the things on her machine and on construction .
8-150-147
neut	a woman is using a bucket trying to be done .
neut	a woman still in front of a fence with her favorite .
neut	the woman is balancing a backpack in front of the driver .
neut	a woman is carrying a large model driver .
cont	a woman is working on the airplane cars .
cont	a woman in the wrapping chair standing on her shop .
cont	a man attacks his boss to sell a store .
enta	a woman is pondering her car .
6-150-8
neut	the women wants to make money in the car
cont	the couple sits on the couch and wife .
cont	the women were sitting in the living room
enta	an individual is giving a toy car on the .
enta	the lady sits in the car with her car
7-150-8
neut	a woman is drunk in a car .
cont	the boy is lifting from his truck
enta	the female is from a car parked around .
enta	the factory vehicle with her car in .
enta	a lady is waiting on a
9-226-8
neut	a woman 's car is very very cold .
neut	a woman is trying to sell something .
neut	a woman is working hard
cont	a woman is vacuuming each other .
cont	a man is bungee inside the house .
cont	a woman is washing a car with a man .
enta	a woman going to a machine at a car
enta	the woman is near the vehicle .
a little girl in a pink shirt about to cry
8-150-2
neut	a girl is crying because she is holding .
neut	a little girl is crying at her friend .
cont	a girl is eating a sandwich .
cont	a girl is playing with a dog .
cont	the girl is wearing a pink shirt and reading a book .
enta	a girl has a shirt .
enta	a little girl is crying .
8-150-4
neut	a girl is about to get a drink in a pink shirt .
neut	the little girl is about to get into the water .
neut	a girl is at the park .
cont	the little girl is crying on the couch .
cont	a little girl takes a nap in her bed .
cont	a girl is sleeping .
cont	the boy is wearing a white hat .
enta	a child with a pink shirt is crying .
enta	a child playing .
enta	a little girl in a pink shirt smiles .
8-150-8
neut	the girl hates the woman .
cont	a small child is not wearing a shirt
cont	a little boy is wearing a blue shirt
cont	a man is not having an order .
enta	two girls are walking .
8-150-16
neut	the girl is bored when pouring shopping .
neut	a girl is learning how to see she can read .
cont	a girl is fast asleep in front of people .
cont	a girl is watching her mother play music .
cont	a girl is lying on the stairs with her friend .
enta	a little girl watches a girl
enta	the girl is between one a thing wearing blue .
enta	there is a girl enjoys here .
8-150-32
neut	a little girl stopping her knee so she can ride them .
cont	a little girl sits on the stoop .
cont	the girl is with a boy in the mouth .
enta	a girl climbs upward in the background .
enta	a girl gets ready to function
8-150-147
neut	the girl is dressed for her wife .
neut	a suitcase woman is holding a pretty color of her mom .
cont	a little girl is dancing in a chair .
enta	a female girl in a pink shirt .
6-150-8
neut	the kid lost the little girl in a pink shirt
cont	an artist playing with a dog 's shirt
cont	the man was listening to the comedian music
cont	the boys were playing in the grocery store .
cont	an old man is running in a field
enta	the kid kisses the little girl in blue
enta	an african girl is trying to get attention
7-150-8
neut	the little girl takes the crowd .
neut	a girl is going with pink gloves .
cont	the little girl is taking a nap .
cont	the little girl was riding a horse outside .
cont	a girls is standing alone on her driveway .
cont	a girl is playing video games diving .
enta	a child gets for a lot in .
9-226-8
neut	a little girl is having fun
neut	a sad girl walking to the park to her class .
neut	the girl is at a wedding party for the ride .
cont	a man is sitting down in his crib .
cont	the girl wearing the white shirt is
cont	a person is sleeping on the couch
cont	the girl is standing on the ground .
enta	a girl is crying .
a man in a blue suit reached towards a seated women in an office .
8-150-2
neut	a man is waiting for his friend .
cont	a woman is on a bench .
cont	the man is in the kitchen .
enta	the man is wearing a suit .
enta	two people are standing in an office .
enta	a man is wearing a blue suit .
8-150-4
neut	the couple were getting ready to go to the store .
neut	a man is about to go to a group .
neut	the man in the blue suit is waiting to be a good time .
cont	the man is watching tv .
cont	the man is walking past the women .
enta	the man in blue is wearing a blue suit .
enta	a man with a blue suit is sitting .
enta	a person in an office hold another man .
8-150-8
neut	a man gets ready to go out at the office
cont	a woman sets up the school room .
enta	the man is by the women 's office .
8-150-16
neut	the man is posing for a photo shoot
neut	a man is competing in a prom party .
neut	a man is kneeling toward a woman for his college
cont	a man in green is cooking dinner .
cont	a man is at a football game .
cont	the man is wearing a black suit .
enta	a man in a suit , standing near two women .
enta	a man waits all wearing a suit .
8-150-32
neut	a man on a bench waiting for a woman .
neut	a man is sitting on some women has used to sell .
cont	the woman in a suit is asleep .
cont	a man in a plain suit takes his baby care .
cont	a man is selling sports donuts .
enta	a man and woman sit on the piece of women .
enta	a man sits before the women
8-150-147
neut	a man is near the two women working for a crime .
neut	a man is trying to cross women in a church .
neut	three people are waiting for a deal to cut their nails .
cont	a man in a blue suit has no hair on it .
enta	a guy is taking a while woman .
6-150-8
neut	the man enjoys the woman in a suit .
cont	the men sit in the middle of the city
cont	the lady sits on the couch watching the game
cont	the men were sitting in the living room
enta	the women were sitting in front of people .
7-150-8
neut	a person is gathered watching her favorite restaurant
neut	the photographer was doing a construction work .
cont	the group of men is taking photos .
cont	no women won a man together
enta	a person is putting on their legs .
enta	a guy has a lot of a flower .
9-226-8
neut	the man is white
neut	the man is an owner
neut	a man is posing for a picture .
cont	a woman is eating lunch at the mall .
cont	nobody is watching around
cont	a man wearing jeans is looking at the stars .
enta	a man is sitting on the steps .
a woman holding a camera .
8-150-2
neut	the woman is taking pictures of her mother .
neut	the woman is taking a picture of a woman .
cont	a man is holding a camera .
enta	a woman holding a camera and a camera .
enta	the woman has a camera .
enta	a woman is holding a camera .
8-150-4
neut	a woman takes a picture for her boyfriend .
neut	she is taking pictures of the ocean .
cont	she is taking a bath .
enta	the woman has a camera .
enta	a woman holds the camera
8-150-8
neut	a woman is taking pictures of the architecture at the party
neut	the woman is a woman on a date
cont	a man is at the doctors home .
cont	a woman is taking pictures of giraffes .
cont	a man is painting with his wife .
enta	a woman in the camera is holding a camera .
enta	a woman holding a camera .
enta	a female is on the camera .
enta	a woman holding a camera
8-150-16
neut	a woman holding a camera is taking a picture of her wife .
neut	the person wants to give the camera .
neut	a woman is about to take a picture of a woman .
cont	a woman waits for a school school home .
cont	a boy taking pictures on the couch
cont	a woman watching a car in her bedroom .
enta	the woman is holding a camera .
enta	a woman taking a picture
enta	a woman holds a camera
8-150-32
neut	a woman holding a camera ready to eat lunch .
neut	a woman sticking a camera taken for a girl .
neut	the woman is taking a picture outside .
cont	a man cuts up the camera in his hands .
cont	a woman in a jail sits alone .
enta	a person wearing heels , is holding expression on the mail .
enta	there is a woman waving a screen with a camera .
8-150-147
neut	the woman is taking a picture of her daughter .
neut	a woman is taking a picture of some future .
cont	the woman is holding a broom in the city .
cont	a girl is worn a scarf and climbing a ramp .
cont	a woman is taking food run in the sand .
enta	a woman with an object is taking a picture .
6-150-8
neut	the lady likes the camera for the camera
neut	the tall person in the camera is the progress
neut	the female takes a camera in a photo shoot
neut	the lady was holding a camera to take pictures
cont	the boys walk on the city street
cont	the lady was holding a camera of the plane
cont	the boy was listening to the camera in the woods
enta	the women holds the camera to be the camera
enta	the women holds the camera to be the camera
7-150-8
neut	a women is trying to a documentary
neut	a lady is taking pictures of food .
cont	everyone is making out on the camera .
cont	a woman is eating a pizza inside
enta	a camera person has his camera .
9-226-8
neut	a woman is taking pictures of her family .
neut	the woman has a camera of her friend .
neut	the lady is happy to see a film of outside .
cont	a woman is holding a large elephant
cont	a man is with his family .
cont	a woman holds a puppy in the park .
cont	a man ordering for money in the theater
enta	a woman holds a camera in her hand .
enta	a woman holds his camera .
a group of teenagers enjoying cooling off in a fountain of water .
8-150-2
neut	teenagers are getting ready to board a cold weather .
cont	teenagers are sitting in a cafe in the park .
cont	teenagers are playing with a ball
cont	a group of teenagers is sitting in a chair .
enta	teenagers are being wet on a fountain .
enta	the teenagers are outside in the water .
8-150-4
neut	teenagers are getting ready to go swimming .
neut	the teenagers are wearing sunglasses .
cont	teenagers are sitting down .
cont	a group of kids are watching tv .
cont	teenagers are sleeping on a hot summer day .
enta	some teenagers are in a fountain
enta	teenagers are in water .
8-150-8
neut	the teenagers are going to work in a fountain .
neut	the teenagers are waitng to retrieve .
neut	a group of kids are watching the water while swimming in the water .
neut	a group of teenagers are inside the fountain with a large waterfall .
cont	a group is watching the sunset in the woods .
cont	some men are sitting at a table playing cards .
cont	a group of kids are learning how to ride a bike .
cont	a group of children are watching tv .
enta	the group of teenagers on the fountain .
enta	a group navigates after a water fountain .
enta	a group of teenagers meet to the fountain .
8-150-16
neut	ther are being played played in a fountain
cont	no children are enjoying the water of water .
enta	the boys are near water
enta	teenagers are out outside .
enta	a lot of males are near the water .
8-150-32
neut	a group of teenagers are planning round afternoon .
cont	the boy is building a pond contest .
enta	some people are in a fountain .
enta	the teens are laughing in a fountain .
enta	a female posing outside as he looks at water .
8-150-147
neut	the group of people are interested for a ceremony .
neut	the kids are preparing to start some flowers .
cont	a group of young people are helping instructions over a potato .
cont	the group did not rest from a jungle of water .
cont	crowds are between dogs running a house .
cont	bicyclists are attacking the lower of a fountain .
enta	a group gathered around with bubbles , in a fountain .
enta	a group of people watch to water with water .
enta	people are waiting for the water .
6-150-8
neut	the women enjoys the water on a beach
neut	the teenagers were having a picnic on vacation
cont	the boys sit in the fountain at home .
cont	the girls were inside a pool eating lunch
cont	the boys sit in the fountain and reading
cont	several people are playing basketball in a park .
enta	crowds with water off in the water .
enta	crowds watch a water fountain off water outside .
enta	the teenagers sit in the water on the water
7-150-8
neut	the group of teenagers are from a play .
neut	the group of the teenagers is celebrating
neut	the teenagers had an umbrella of years .
neut	a business fountain is taking at the pool .
cont	a child in a chair watching television
cont	the boys are swimming on the pool
cont	the team of teenagers are walking home
enta	the team 's mouth off .
enta	a child is enjoying the fountain
9-226-8
neut	a group of kids are enjoying the rain in the rain .
neut	a group of kids are outside the rain rise their parents .
cont	the toddler eats a steak and drink it 's owner in water .
cont	the toddler sits in the rain and watching tv .
cont	some teenagers are taking a nap .
cont	a group of teenagers is taking their tour bus to work .
enta	a group of kids are out in an fountain
enta	people are watching
police officer and his motorcycle in a crowd of people at a protest .
8-150-2
neut	police officer is protesting a race
neut	police officer was at a motorcycle event
cont	the police is driving a car .
cont	the police is driving a car .
cont	the police officer is sitting on a bench .
cont	the police is sleeping .
enta	the police officer is at a protest .
enta	a person and a motorcycle .
enta	a group of people are at a protest .
enta	there is a group of people at a protest .
8-150-4
neut	the police officer is at a political motorcycle in a crowd .
neut	the police officer is at the three middle people in a group
cont	a cat is eating a bone .
cont	the police officer is at a party .
cont	the police officer is inside the crowd
cont	the police officer is in the olympics , wearing a mask .
enta	some people at the religious .
enta	a police officer is at the people .
enta	police are at a protest .
8-150-8
neut	an american motorcycle officer is enjoying the police 's people walk in a group .
neut	a man has a honda on his way to work .
cont	the police officer is running away .
cont	police officers take a break in a car
cont	the police are running .
cont	two people are eating ice cream .
enta	the officer is riding a motorcycle .
enta	the police official near a peace .
enta	police officers in a crowd
8-150-16
neut	the man has a flat tire out of his motorcycle
neut	the city war , students are using a motorcycle .
cont	a pig is eating his pie .
cont	the men are working at their home of their school .
cont	the policemen are fighting over no train in a competition .
cont	soldiers arguing at the fair .
enta	policemen are at a fair .
8-150-32
neut	the police are at the political convention for a prize .
neut	officer are buying something at a protest .
cont	a person is enjoying a river lunch .
cont	a police officer is sitting on a couch in the living room .
cont	there is a man went fast into a concrete area .
cont	the people were at walmart
enta	people watched to release a spectators .
enta	many people at a protest are standing by eachother .
8-150-147
neut	cousin getting waiting to avoid it at the protest .
neut	a female officer is performing an impressive story on the stage .
neut	a policeman is leading the young an employee .
cont	three boy are leaning in a field , being eaten .
cont	the skinny was was making to a taxi and falls into the street .
enta	the umbrellas of people are by in the crowd .
enta	some people are in a small audience .
6-150-8
neut	the police officer is a professional and the police
neut	the police officer wanted to get a motorcycle
neut	the boys at the protest are wearing the street
cont	an officer watches the protest on his car
cont	the police officer rides his bicycle down a street
enta	the police officer is a police on the .
enta	the police officer and his motorcycle are protesting
enta	the boys stand in front of a crowd
7-150-8
neut	a police officer has a blue motorcycle indoors .
cont	a couple are waiting for a the bus .
cont	group of people are protesting gym .
cont	a girl has her motorcycle down in the crowd
cont	a girl fell into a crowd of people .
enta	a child is working a bunch of people
enta	police officers try in a crowd
9-226-8
neut	there is a canadian in bikers race in the city
neut	a police officer is trying to get to work on a cross trip to work
cont	an policeman stands on a street corner to work .
cont	the officer has an animal and women
enta	a person with a military sign is being held by a group of people .
a blond woman talking on her cellphone as her hair blows
8-150-2
neut	she is talking to her husband .
neut	a woman is talking to her husband .
neut	the woman is talking to her husband .
cont	the woman is sleeping
enta	the woman is on her phone .
enta	a woman is talking on her cellphone while walking .
enta	a woman is talking
enta	a woman is talking on her phone .
8-150-4
neut	the woman is getting ready to go to the store .
neut	an individual is talking to her husband
neut	a blond woman talks to her friends on her phone .
cont	the woman is sleeping at home .
cont	a couple at the beach .
cont	there is a man and a woman .
cont	the woman has no hair
enta	a woman talks on her cellphone .
enta	there is a woman in this picture
enta	a woman is having a conversation
8-150-8
neut	the blond woman is an artist
cont	the woman is walking her dog
cont	the woman is wearing a black shirt and a cap .
cont	the woman is talking to a man
cont	a woman in the middle of a tuxedo is dancing on her cellphone .
enta	a blond woman is talking to an instrument on her phone .
enta	a woman is on the phone
enta	a woman is enjoying her hair
8-150-16
neut	a woman enjoys on her phone her morning .
neut	the woman is trying on her cellphone to the barber .
neut	a blonde woman is talking to her husband on her phone .
cont	a woman just smashing a tree .
cont	a man 's tattoo is riding around in new york .
enta	a woman waits on her phone in her hair .
8-150-32
neut	a blond woman shows her iphone tattoo
neut	the woman is talking to his parents
cont	the woman is sleeping with a screwdriver .
enta	a woman frowns in a phone .
enta	a older woman holds on her cellphone while her hair .
enta	a girl is going to eachother .
8-150-147
neut	a little woman is trying to put a boy .
cont	a girl is sculpting a basketball .
enta	a woman is with a cellphone in her living .
6-150-8
neut	the blond woman talks to her friend on her
neut	an old woman talking to the other child
neut	the blond woman talks to the grocery store .
cont	the man was listening to the comedian .
cont	the women has a ponytail and she has green
cont	an old woman is sleeping on the ground
cont	a guy is making a speech on the phone
enta	the women wearing hair is with a cellphone
enta	the lady has a hair and playing her phone
enta	the women gets on her cellphone while .
enta	the women smiles on her phone in her hair
7-150-8
neut	a woman performs the phone for a friend 's .
cont	the two woman is playing ball
cont	a blond woman sits atop a video woman .
enta	the blonde woman is not tall .
enta	a women has something on some cellphone .
9-226-8
neut	the woman is talking to her husband
neut	a woman is trying to get talking on her phone .
cont	the woman is driving a car
cont	a lady sits on the couch at her bed room
enta	a woman with red hair is talking to her phone
enta	a person with a cell phone her phone .
enta	a woman is near some crate .
a barefooted adolescent boy in a yellow shirt reaching the top of a small skateboarding ramp .
8-150-2
neut	the boy was playing with his friends .
cont	a boy is swimming in a pool .
cont	a man is doing a trick .
cont	a bike messenger performing on a small ramp .
cont	the boy is riding a bike .
enta	a boy is outside .
enta	a boy is skateboarding .
enta	a boy is outside .
8-150-4
neut	a little boy is trying to get a flip .
neut	the boy is having fun
cont	the boy is riding a bicycle .
cont	a young boy sits on the beach .
cont	a man is sleeping at home
cont	an old man is rollerblading .
enta	the boy in the yellow shirt is skateboarding .
enta	a boy in yellow holds a skateboard .
enta	there is a young kid doing tricks .
8-150-8
neut	a little boy is getting dressed for a skateboard competition .
cont	a boy is eating his lunch
cont	a man rides a skateboard for the first time .
cont	a man is sitting on the skateboard
cont	a skateboarder taking his beer on the ground .
enta	a young child is biking with a large ramp .
enta	a boy is on a skateboard .
enta	an adult child is going up a ramp .
8-150-16
neut	a boy has both fallen an action with his skateboard .
neut	a young boy is wrestling over his father 's skateboard .
neut	the funny boy wearing yellow jeans
cont	a small boy sits on his skateboard .
cont	a boy in a blue shirt is riding on a white mountain .
enta	the boy is in yellow .
8-150-32
neut	a teenage teens are afraid on a big skateboard before the race .
cont	the girl is standing on a line .
cont	a person is going to a beach in the water .
cont	a runner is juggling the air behind a hurdle .
enta	a young boy is covering the air .
enta	the child is moving the air .
8-150-147
neut	a kid is ready to jump with a young boy .
neut	a clown poses at the best store .
cont	the child is running the path of a young boy .
cont	a boy is playing ball in his backyard
cont	a young boy is playing with a blue backpack .
enta	a young boy holds two dresser outside .
6-150-8
neut	the kid wants to ride the big ramp .
neut	the kid just made a skateboard trick outside
cont	the kid was riding his bike in park
cont	the young girl in blue shirt is running
cont	an adult does n't like the skateboard outside
cont	a boy is doing a trick in his house
enta	an adult in a yellow shirt is playing .
enta	the kid reaching the top of a skateboard .
enta	an adult dressed up in a yellow shirt .
7-150-8
neut	a child uses the boy for his friend .
neut	a kid performing skateboarding on the way home .
cont	a girl is reading the bible class .
cont	a girl is playing a game in park
enta	the young boy is walking with their child .
9-226-8
neut	a boy is wearing a helmet for his talent show .
neut	the kid is wearing a helmet
cont	a boy is trying to climb his bike .
cont	a girl is jumping his ramp
cont	a child plays tennis at a gym
cont	a little boy is at the hospital in the hospital .
enta	the boy is on a skateboard
enta	a kid is outside
the boy wearing the blue hooded top is holding a baby goat in his arms .
8-150-2
neut	a boy and a baby are in a park .
cont	a girl is holding a cat .
cont	a boy wearing a red shirt holds a baby .
cont	a girl in a dress .
enta	a boy is holding a baby in his arms .
enta	the boy is wearing blue .
enta	a boy is holding a toy .
8-150-4
neut	a young boy is holding a baby he was fighting with a baby .
cont	the boy is holding a dog .
enta	a child is holding a baby .
enta	the boy has a baby
enta	there are two children holding a baby .
enta	an adult wearing a blue shirt is holding a baby .
8-150-8
neut	a boy is helping his baby to a baby .
neut	a boy is trying to hold his head to the top of the mountain .
cont	a girl is playing hide and seek
enta	a boy holding a baby in his arms
enta	a boy holds his toy .
8-150-16
neut	the boy fell of his mother 's pen is holding a hatchet .
cont	a group of people are watching a man drinking a beer .
cont	a girl building a garden .
cont	the boy was wearing a bathing suit
cont	a man is playing catch with the dog .
enta	a baby near his toy
8-150-32
neut	a boy letting her pet .
cont	the baby is with a white dog .
cont	the boy is holding a cat in his mouth .
cont	a boy is serving out old barn .
cont	the boy is holding a new cake
enta	a boy is holding the large goat
enta	a boy is holding the coat .
8-150-147
neut	a child being ignored by an animal and stands in his bedroom .
cont	a boy is shooting his dead father .
cont	a puppy and his kiss kiss in the middle of a sandbox .
cont	the boy is standing on the way with his baby dog .
cont	a boy is holding flowers from his daughter .
enta	a boy is holding a baby of face .
enta	a boy in a jacket stands on a baby .
6-150-8
neut	the baby loves to play with her toys
neut	the baby was playing with the baby goat .
neut	the baby has a big large goat .
cont	the dog was playing with a toy goat .
cont	the mother holds a cat in her arms the bricks
cont	the boy holds the baby and holding a kitten
cont	the dog sits in the middle of grass
enta	the boy and a baby wear blue vest
enta	the boy has a baby with a goat .
7-150-8
neut	a small boy is preparing with a child .
neut	the goat has brown
cont	some girls run the farm 's arms .
cont	the puppy is diving home .
cont	the little boy sits inside at his local home .
enta	there one boy on his pet
9-226-8
neut	a boy is fooling with his baby while standing up .
neut	a boy is holding a large pig to the boy .
cont	the boy is holding a cat .
enta	a boy holds a baby .
enta	the boy is holding an infant .
football players on a field in front of a crowd .
8-150-2
neut	football players are playing a game .
neut	the players are in the same competition .
cont	the football players are playing in the sand .
cont	the players are playing in the sand .
enta	two people are playing football .
enta	a football team is on a field in front of a crowd .
enta	there are people playing football .
enta	the players are on the field in the field .
8-150-4
neut	football players are at the football game .
neut	a football player on a field to get to the field .
neut	the football players have their team to win the game .
cont	the football players have no one on .
cont	the football players are eating dinner .
enta	the players have a crowd
enta	football players in front of the crowd .
enta	football players at the field .
enta	people playing football
8-150-8
neut	a football player is jumping for his football .
cont	the football game is sitting down .
cont	the football players are sitting down .
cont	football players are singing and dance .
cont	the basketball players are old
enta	football players are ready for a field .
8-150-16
neut	some players are watching the football game .
cont	the athletes sit indoors .
cont	the couple is alone and watching television .
cont	a group of football players sitting on the couch .
enta	the people are performing in front of people .
enta	a group of people are performing in front of a crowd .
enta	the night is nice on the field
enta	one person is holding a field with his football .
8-150-32
neut	the white players are trying to find place .
neut	a football player attacks the same team
neut	two people play for a crown that is playing football .
cont	the hockey players wait to play the national game .
cont	football players are on the trail
enta	the rival take an outdoor teams on a field .
8-150-147
neut	the football team is trying to finish their game .
neut	a football team rest on a field for this hour .
neut	a quarterback is about to score a small football .
cont	a dog is playing with a ball in front of a crowd .
cont	the basketball players are fighting for a game .
cont	a persons is standing on the field holding a home .
cont	soccer players sit in front of the gas pool .
enta	this group of people are having a picture covered .
enta	several football players are outside playing sports .
6-150-8
neut	the man enjoys the football for the game
neut	the player enjoys the football game on the field
cont	an athlete in a field with a basketball
cont	the player swims in the middle of a field
cont	the players playing football in the basketball .
enta	the players on a field holding a field
enta	an athlete playing in front of another crowd
enta	the men on the field holding a field
7-150-8
neut	the football team is making the martial event .
neut	one guy is wearing the football team .
cont	one dog does n't flip the cat
cont	the players are having a tea living park .
cont	a basketball woman preparing at the park .
enta	football players were on a field
enta	this is a group of people sitting outdoors .
9-226-8
neut	football players are about to play in a game .
cont	they are playing hockey .
cont	a single sits in the sand looking for food .
cont	football players are sitting in their desks .
cont	football players get on the couch in the picture .
enta	there are football players outside in the field .
four men are wearing red baseball caps and orange and yellow shirts .
8-150-2
neut	four men are playing baseball
neut	the men are playing baseball for the crowd .
cont	four men are sitting in a restaurant .
enta	four men are wearing uniforms .
enta	the men are wearing red and yellow .
8-150-4
neut	the men are trying to get a break .
neut	the men have just won a game
cont	four women are standing on the ground .
enta	four men in colorful shirts
8-150-8
neut	the four men are racing each other outside .
neut	the two men wearing red are enjoying the game at the bar .
cont	people swimming in the lake .
cont	the four men are at the spa .
cont	four men in black shirts and orange shirts are talking .
enta	there is a baseball cap .
enta	four men are outside
8-150-16
neut	four men have been in a baseball game .
neut	six males play a game of tag .
cont	four women are running at the same time .
cont	four men are sitting in the hot weather .
cont	a group of men are sitting down playing tennis in the park .
enta	the two men are standing with each other .
enta	the men are wearing orange baseball .
enta	the men are wearing red and orange .
8-150-32
neut	four men in bright football tackle are both holding uniform
cont	a man throws police for the basket in his bar .
cont	the men are having home at a local store .
enta	three men are wearing uniforms and yellow ball .
enta	the men are sitting while wearing red , shirts .
enta	a group worker wearing yellow and yellow play .
8-150-147
neut	four men use the latest game .
neut	two old people are holding wet shirts .
cont	only of the three men in suits are not holding their baseball .
cont	some men are dancing in a circle .
cont	the bald men can not jump off the ground .
enta	four people wearing costumes are being filmed .
enta	three men are standing in a playing .
6-150-8
neut	the friends were wearing the same in the
cont	the men sit in the park with the ball
cont	the women were wearing red and red shirts
enta	four people wearing red and yellow are outside
enta	the men dressed in red and a hats
enta	four people are dressed in yellow and yellow
7-150-8
neut	a couple is playing baseball on the park
neut	some people in orange robes are for the red .
neut	the baseball game has an apple .
cont	a crowd is throwing rocks by a tree .
cont	one guy is eating ice swimming in the pool .
enta	one man sits in a yellow baseball cap outdoors .
enta	the group in uniform was taking a outside .
9-226-8
neut	four brothers are wearing black clothes .
neut	four brothers cowboys tug to the baseball field .
cont	men are standing in the field holding their hearts .
cont	no one four car .
cont	the men are looking into the sand .
enta	four men are wearing a baseball hat .
enta	the men in colorful clothes wearing are yellow .
a young lady walking down the street wearing a black jacket , sunglasses , sneakers , jeans , & gloves .
8-150-2
neut	the lady is a farmer .
neut	a lady is walking to work .
cont	the woman is wearing a blue jacket .
cont	a man is walking down the street with his hands up .
cont	a man is walking down the street .
enta	a woman is walking down the street .
enta	a woman is wearing a black jacket
enta	a lady is outside .
enta	a young lady is wearing sunglasses .
8-150-4
neut	she is a professional .
cont	the lady is asleep in bed .
cont	a lady is eating a sandwich .
enta	a young lady wearing a black jacket is wearing a hat .
enta	a person is wearing a hat .
enta	a young lady is walking in a jacket
8-150-8
neut	the lady just finished working .
neut	a woman is walking to the store
neut	the lady is walking to her friend .
cont	an old lady is wearing glasses and is walking .
cont	the young woman is at home eating lunch .
cont	a boy is taking a nap .
cont	a woman with a black jacket and sunglasses is dancing .
enta	a young lady is on the street .
enta	there is a young lady outdoors
enta	a woman is walking with gloves
8-150-16
neut	the young lady is chasing after a long mother and her parents .
neut	a middle-aged a looking is walking down the street like for halloween .
cont	a woman with brown hair is walking down the street in a dress .
cont	a young lady is running on a track .
cont	a young man runs down the street
cont	a young woman wearing a bikini is walking down the street
enta	a lady is walking outdoors on the street
8-150-32
neut	an young lady walking down the street is making a picture .
neut	a woman has long dark hair and gloves .
cont	a woman is about to tie up a floor of flour .
cont	a child is skateboarding on the beach .
enta	a young woman is wearing her clothing while they ride around .
enta	a little girl wearing pants and clothing is slumped down .
8-150-147
neut	a lady is walking towards a town market .
neut	a young lady on the street is tall and shoes .
cont	the young lady poses for a man wearing plain shoes .
cont	a lady is riding a dark jacket before night .
cont	a young lady is jogging around in the middle of the street .
cont	the old lady is dressed as a blindfold .
enta	woman is going to street corner
6-150-8
neut	the old lady was walking to a party
cont	the boy sits on the couch alone .
cont	a boy is at the beach playing golf
cont	the old lady is playing basketball with the finger
enta	a human is looking at the street outside
enta	the young woman in black shirt is walking
7-150-8
neut	the young girl is fat .
neut	a sad woman is holding up a road
cont	young lady is mowing the movies .
cont	a girl is playing on three wheeler .
cont	a lady is walking while she skiing .
enta	a woman gets into a living outside .
enta	an lady is dressed in a t-shirt shirts
9-226-8
neut	a girl in a dress walking down the street in the city .
cont	the old woman is wearing an orange shirt sitting on the bench .
cont	an older lady with red hair is holding her hands .
cont	a young man in a green shirt and white pants
cont	the lady is wearing a green shirt .
enta	the lady is wearing something
a hiker pokes his head out of a tent high in the mountains .
8-150-2
neut	a man is trying to get his head out of a tent
neut	the hiker is trying to get the sun
cont	the hiker is sitting on a couch .
cont	the hiker is riding his bike in the mountains .
enta	the hiker is outside .
enta	a hiker is in the mountains
enta	a person is outside in the mountains .
enta	a person is outside in the mountains .
8-150-4
neut	a hiker is trying to get a shirt .
neut	the hiker is about to get out .
neut	a hiker is trying to get a shirt .
cont	a hiker is swimming in the ocean .
cont	the hiker is sleeping in the shade .
cont	the hiker has no legs .
cont	a person is in a car
enta	a hiker is at the mountains in the mountains .
enta	a hiker takes his head out of a tent .
enta	a hiker is relaxing in a tent .
8-150-8
neut	a hiker is trying to get a drink of the sun .
neut	a hiker fishing for his first time .
cont	the person walking in the snow .
cont	the hiker is indoors eating the mountaintop .
cont	the man is indoors in a river .
enta	a man is hiking through a tent
enta	a hiker is hiking .
enta	the person in the picture is still tall .
8-150-16
neut	a teenager is daydreaming on a camping trip to california .
neut	a hiker wearing red is jumping over the cliff .
neut	a hiker is jumping over his friends .
cont	a hiker is laying on his couch .
cont	a hiker is riding on a plane .
cont	a mountain runs over the mountains and is riding his bus .
enta	a man is pulling a tent while others are standing on the mountains .
enta	this guy is having fun outside .
enta	a mountain hiker smiles at a tent .
8-150-32
neut	a person sees the mountain of big new times city .
neut	the new new woods and mountain .
cont	the hiker is swimming in his pool .
cont	the runner is contemplating the crowd of the mountain .
cont	the man is yelling at his friend .
enta	a man dressed using a tent outside .
enta	a hiker performs in the mountains .
8-150-147
neut	a happy diver with a shirt hanging on
neut	a rocky african high city biker near the mountains .
neut	a work is will to wear as a toy walk .
cont	the hiker is walking down the river between a house .
cont	the climber is throwing up a fire ball .
enta	a hiker is stuck out of the mountain .
enta	a person has trees in front of a tent .
6-150-8
neut	the boy 's head is the same family
neut	the hiker has a hot day in the mountains .
neut	a kid is chasing the man 's tent
cont	the hiker was sitting in the living room
cont	the police walking through the mountains is the mountain
cont	the hiker was sitting in his bedroom .
cont	the boys playing in the snow are dry
enta	an individual has a tent in the mountains outdoors
enta	a human is throwing a tent in the mountains
7-150-8
neut	a hiker 's mother wearing line .
cont	the cyclist just got no shot
cont	a children is attending the summer club
cont	a girl is playing on the beach at home .
enta	hiker is wearing something to a shelter
enta	a hiker gets into a tent to outside .
9-226-8
neut	the wall is a professional .
neut	a man trying to get his picture taken for his family
cont	a man is sleeping
cont	a man runs down the street .
cont	a man is sitting on the bench .
cont	the man is asleep in bed .
enta	a man is in the shade outside .
four men are standing outside near a white truck bed .
8-150-2
neut	the men are waiting for the truck .
neut	the men are all friends .
neut	the men are waiting for the trucks to arrive .
cont	the men are standing next to a black truck bed .
enta	four men stand near a white truck bed .
enta	there are men standing outside near a truck bed .
enta	four men standing near a white truck bed .
enta	the men are standing outside .
8-150-4
neut	four men are waiting for the bus to go to the store .
neut	some men are waiting in a truck to get to work .
neut	they are about to make a task .
cont	four men are eating a sandwich at the restaurant .
cont	four men are watching tv .
enta	four men are standing outside
enta	four men are standing near a truck .
enta	four men are standing in the middle of a white truck .
enta	a truck has his hands on it .
8-150-8
neut	4 men stand near a truck down a city bed
neut	four friends are leaning against a truck
neut	the men are repairing the truck .
cont	four people playing in a park .
cont	six men are standing by a blue truck .
cont	the four men are making donuts at the bar .
cont	four men are watching tv .
enta	4 men stand near a truck
enta	people in clothes
enta	six men are standing outside of a truck .
8-150-16
neut	photographers are waiting on a train to work .
cont	men throwing rocks at the same time together .
cont	four friends stand in a park .
enta	six males wait outside of a building .
8-150-32
neut	five men are cooling a construction place
neut	a few guys celebrate near the white truck .
neut	three men are waiting for a vehicle to start .
cont	three people are laying down under a truck .
cont	a couple of men are sitting outside the houses that they are covered .
cont	donkeys run along a blue truck down main truck .
cont	large men are inside a store covered in blood .
enta	the men are on a white truck .
8-150-147
neut	a professional donkey is infront a small broken of truck .
neut	these men stand and , trying to win their yard .
neut	two people are having a day buy .
neut	a few men are getting ready to give a tire up .
cont	the six men are having a picnic in front of his yacht .
cont	the four men are walking bowling
cont	the warm men are in front of a house and flies .
enta	three men are standing near a white truck ,
enta	there were three men standing outside by a fire .
6-150-8
neut	the man just got a truck to work
neut	the men were waiting for the red truck .
cont	the children were playing in the middle snow .
cont	one man sits in the middle of the truck
cont	four people are playing basketball in a field
enta	the men were standing outside near a truck .
enta	the man 's truck is standing near the truck
enta	the man stands outside near the white truck
7-150-8
neut	a couple of men are posing for
neut	the white truck is parked for someone
cont	one woman holds her hands in bed
cont	one person does skate jacks .
enta	the two guys are on the ground .
9-226-8
neut	four men are standing around waiting for their parents to come to their job .
neut	a truck was just to the two men 's time before eating dinner .
cont	the truck is running up the hill
cont	men forming swimming in the ocean .
cont	the truck is driving down the street .
enta	four men are standing on the street
a woman in a green shirt and jeans throws a spear toward a target in the background painted with a carrot across a parking lot
8-150-2
neut	a woman is holding a large clicked .
neut	the parking lot is full of people .
cont	the woman is sitting on a couch .
cont	a woman is sitting on a couch .
cont	she is playing with a dog in the park .
enta	a woman throws a ball .
enta	a woman throws a ball .
8-150-4
neut	a tall person in green
cont	a woman is taking a shower .
enta	a woman plays
enta	the woman is using a tool .
8-150-8
neut	women pushing a stick to an empty parking lot .
neut	the woman is a professional lady .
neut	a woman prepares to go to the park
cont	the woman is inside standing in the street .
cont	the boy is taking a shower in a park .
cont	a woman is drinking tea
cont	a woman is taking a nap on a bench .
enta	the woman is holding a . .
enta	the woman , woman is wearing a green shirt .
enta	a woman is traveling by a shopping cart
enta	a woman leans a job .
8-150-16
neut	woman is playing with a sword out of her kill get into the parking lot
cont	a woman bounces a man in the desert .
cont	the man only wearing a green shirt and jeans .
cont	the wolf will not is like the man .
cont	the woman is digging a hole .
enta	a woman getting another body walking outside .
enta	a women throwing a rifle across a parking lot
8-150-32
neut	a woman keeps a saw while going to a science temple .
neut	a woman looks engaged in front of a tree while texting .
neut	a woman thinks to put the animal towards a campfire
cont	a woman is sweeping down the blue line .
cont	woman golf lessons at the hotel .
cont	a woman is mopping away along the parking .
cont	a woman waits for a cat .
enta	a woman in the over a drill .
enta	a woman in green khakis is securing a range .
8-150-147
neut	the woman is their aunt son 's time .
neut	a woman is trying to sell some goods from a sidewalk .
cont	the man is shooting a camp drum .
cont	the woman is actually fishing on stilts .
cont	a woman is digging a hole by a small tree .
enta	the woman is wearing a green shirt .
enta	a woman is admiring a way in the parking lot .
6-150-8
neut	the old woman in green is a couple
neut	an is a very short shirt and black flowers
cont	a boy is throwing a baseball in the air
cont	the boys were playing with the is outside .
cont	an adult throws a large portrait of water
cont	an old man is sitting in a park .
enta	the girls carry the large object to make something
7-150-8
neut	a person is talking to a woman .
neut	the large girl 's feet are brown .
cont	a female worker is throwing a frisbee .
cont	a women is eating his boat can .
cont	a person is ironing up the event .
enta	the woman was using the colored object is .
9-226-8
neut	a woman is having fun
neut	a woman is white
neut	a woman hits the ball to help other for the outside for a protest .
cont	a woman is putting out a garbage
cont	a woman is carrying her bottle
enta	a woman is throwing up things .
enta	someone is making something 's attention .
a boy rides on a camel in a crowded area while talking on his cellphone .
8-150-2
neut	a boy is talking to his friend .
cont	a boy is sitting in a chair .
cont	the boy is in the kitchen .
cont	a boy is riding a horse .
enta	a boy is on a camel
enta	a person is on a camel .
enta	a boy is talking on his phone .
8-150-4
neut	the boy is doing tricks
cont	the boy rides the horse .
cont	a child is eating a cat .
cont	a boy is riding a horse .
enta	the person is riding a an camels .
enta	a boy rides a donkey outside .
8-150-8
neut	this boy is waiting for his friend .
cont	a boy is fishing at the beach .
cont	there is a dog playing with a ball in the city .
cont	a girl riding a horse on the street
cont	the boy is drinking at the pub .
enta	a boy rides on a camel
enta	a man is traveling and drinking on the phone .
8-150-16
neut	a kid child to ride his horse to a friend 's phone .
neut	a boy is riding their girlfriend on a mobile cart .
cont	a girl is reading a magazine on the couch .
cont	a boy walks down a city street to his family .
cont	a boy in the police walks down the street .
enta	the kid is talking to people
enta	the boy is on the phone
8-150-32
neut	the child is wearing a cowboy outfit while talking .
cont	the boy is a country foot .
cont	a boy is running on the beach
enta	a boy carries something on his cell
8-150-147
neut	a boy stares at the horses and homeless in his parents .
neut	a boy is riding his favorite ride on a date .
neut	surfer student to become a horse during the night .
cont	a boy is riding a bike down the sidewalk .
cont	a boy in a red spring sits on the beach .
enta	there is a boy with his phone
enta	a boy is being outdoors on the side road .
6-150-8
neut	the man wants to take the other people
neut	the kid was talking to the boy 's cowboy
cont	the boy rides his bike in a park
cont	the boys were playing in the living room .
cont	the kids ride the bus to the store
cont	the boy sits on the couch watching tv
enta	the boy 's arms is talking on the phone
enta	the kids were a boy and its phone
7-150-8
neut	a child looks off the phone with his friend .
neut	bob is talking on something there .
cont	a girl is riding across a road .
cont	the horse has wheels for the lady .
cont	a girl swims near a small crowd .
enta	a young child takes his phone .
enta	a kid is gets ready for something
9-226-8
neut	the box is filled with teenage .
neut	a boy is doing stunts on his phone while walking .
cont	a boy is eating lunch on his cell phone .
cont	a boy is surfing on the city bus .
cont	a girl is riding her horse to work at the park .
enta	a child is surrounded while smoking and talking .
enta	a boy in a cellphone cellphone is standing on a cellphone
a man in a kitchen leaning over a table sharpening a knife .
8-150-2
neut	a man is trying to make a knife to make a knife .
neut	the man is trying to make a knife
neut	a tall human cut .
cont	a man is sitting on a couch .
cont	a man is sitting on a couch
enta	a man is in a kitchen .
enta	a man is holding a knife .
enta	the man is holding a knife .
8-150-4
neut	the man has a tattoo on his hands .
neut	a man at the dentist 's lunch break
cont	the woman found a fire .
cont	man is reading a book .
enta	a man is riding a table .
enta	there is a man in the kitchen .
8-150-8
neut	a man is using a class hand
neut	he is preparing for his job
neut	a man is making a piece of a birthday cake .
cont	the man is drinking from the water .
cont	a man is using a machine up a table .
enta	a person makes an instrument .
enta	a man in a kitchen with a knife in his kitchen .
8-150-16
neut	a man is drinking coffee while they are taking a break .
neut	the guy is making weapons on his face .
cont	the man is playing baseball .
cont	a man is drinking a beer
enta	a man is wearing clothes
enta	a man tends over a table with a tool .
8-150-32
neut	a man serves a sack out to his friend .
cont	a man is making dogs and his dog takes a present .
cont	the woman is holding a garment .
cont	a man is standing under a tree cigarette .
enta	a person leans over an anvil that will his head .
8-150-147
neut	a man is making out a fire behind the table .
neut	a man is yelling an old man before saturday .
cont	the he is not working in the kitchen with a string .
cont	a man saws a house behind a table .
enta	the man is maintaining a mess lot .
6-150-8
neut	the boy made the hammer to a huge .
cont	the guy sits in the middle of the bathtub
cont	the lady was sitting in the middle of outside
cont	the men work in the middle of water
enta	an individual in a kitchen is not standing .
7-150-8
neut	the kitchen that his friend is .
neut	black guy shows how how colors .
neut	the table are being a tall child .
cont	a women making breakfast is eating .
cont	a child is inside reading a book outside .
enta	a male is walking through a table .
enta	a person is trying on the kitchen .
enta	the table working in a tool .
9-226-8
neut	a man is having his picture taken for his date .
neut	a man is cutting food for a fundraiser .
cont	the man is eating a granola .
cont	a man has a piece of shirt and a t-shirt is jumping into a pool
enta	a man is holding a knife
teens doing there best at a jump photo .
8-150-2
neut	teens are in a race
neut	the teens are doing a trick for a big game
cont	teens are playing with a dog in a park .
cont	teens sitting on a bench .
cont	teens are sitting in a chair .
enta	teens are doing a trick .
enta	a group of teens are doing a trick at a jump camera .
enta	there are teenagers at a camera .
enta	the people are near a picture .
8-150-4
neut	teens doing the video
neut	some people are playing outside .
cont	people taking pictures in the park .
cont	some people are building a sand castle
cont	people are playing volleyball .
cont	teens are in the car .
enta	people doing a camera .
enta	teens doing a photo
enta	there are two teens doing a camera .
8-150-8
neut	the couple make a picture of their parents .
neut	teens in a camera look for vacation
neut	teenagers are laughing
neut	teens take a picture for an audience .
cont	nobody is looking .
enta	the kids are in the sun .
enta	teenagers are playing .
enta	three people are gathered together in a camera .
enta	people are riding on a camera .
8-150-16
neut	guys decided to do tricks at the front of art .
neut	the teenager is getting ready for a jump while having fun .
neut	some old friends are jumping at a photographer .
neut	young school children are using a trampoline .
cont	teenagers making business all school in the middle of their walk .
cont	a group of skaters driving down a road
cont	the old and blue men are playing soccer .
enta	the teens are working at a audience .
enta	older are going for a jump in the photo .
8-150-32
neut	a teen clad teens are riding on the photo of their wedding .
neut	a group of friends are getting around in the waiting time .
cont	no groups is at the zoo .
cont	the kids were enjoying the beach
enta	some people doing a same a camera
enta	a person goes something on a camera .
enta	people are doing what at the photo .
8-150-147
neut	the co-workers are able to finish the finish line .
cont	the happy played in front of the building while ready for dinner .
cont	a teacher in their mp3 played outside .
cont	the girls are all asleep in front of the mountain
enta	a young of adults are too in a model shot .
6-150-8
neut	a girl is doing tricks on their skate board
neut	the teenage smiles as the camera was the skateboarder
cont	the teenagers sleeping in the snow are playing
cont	teens running in the middle of a field
cont	teens perform in the middle of a field .
enta	the boys jump into the camera are doing something
7-150-8
neut	a teenager is joyously her new photo .
neut	teens can play in a school with coworkers
cont	a women does n't like for the camera together .
cont	a doctor is kicking the photo .
enta	kids perform routine at a jump .
9-226-8
neut	the teens are taking pictures of the track .
neut	people are competing in the tour de france
neut	the teens are on a farm .
cont	young take having dinner picture
cont	adults are competing in a swimming pool .
cont	the students are at mcdonald shopping shopping for shoes .
cont	the children are at the movies show .
enta	music is being shown .
enta	the teens are doing a photo
enta	teenagers are taking pictures .
a man with a tattoo on his left arm flips his food into the air with his frying pan .
8-150-2
neut	the man is making food for his family .
neut	a man is making food for a family .
neut	the man is a model
neut	a man prepares food to a family .
cont	the man is eating a sandwich in the kitchen .
enta	a man with a tattoo is working .
enta	a man with a tattoo is working on his face .
enta	the man is making food .
8-150-4
neut	a man prepares to use his knife to cook .
neut	a man is making a silly silly shirt for his friends .
neut	he is making a meal for his family .
neut	the tattoo has a broken hands on his hand .
cont	a woman is eating a food bar
cont	the man is taking a nap .
cont	the woman is making a kitchen
enta	a man with a tattoo is in the air .
8-150-8
neut	a man tries to make food to his family .
neut	the man is making hamburgers for his family .
cont	a man is sipping his food and a haircut .
enta	the man is currently outdoors .
enta	the food , the man is working .
8-150-16
neut	some boy did a doctor is sampling food .
neut	there is a comedian prepares for a swim .
cont	a man is riding an elephant .
cont	the woman is washing dishes at a cafe .
cont	a women gets her food and cheeseburger
enta	the man is doing food .
enta	a man is on a food commercial .
enta	a man is processing himself in front of his food .
8-150-32
neut	a man cuts up his roast in his biggest suit .
neut	a clown talks on a mouth as he did a swim .
cont	a man is sweeping his food out of mcdonalds .
cont	a man is chopping his pet away .
cont	a man hangs flowers in a subway .
enta	the man intends to bounce into a cooking .
enta	a man is playing liquid .
8-150-147
neut	the man is wearing a red and a mask for his food .
neut	the man is trying to sell various dinner .
neut	a man is involved at the restaurant thinking .
cont	a man is destroying his hand in the desert .
cont	a man is shooting off a mouse .
enta	a man pushes his food in the air .
6-150-8
neut	the man enjoys the food in a kitchen
neut	the guy will take the dishes to the music
cont	the man was playing with the other dog .
cont	a man is on the beach playing chess
enta	the guy wearing the tattoo is in water
enta	the man wants to make the food .
7-150-8
neut	a person is practicing his birthday party .
cont	a lady sits on his birthday
enta	man tries food to meat
enta	men is dressed for a meal
enta	a man is cutting something his food
9-226-8
neut	the man is cooking on a farm .
neut	a homeless shows his favorite fish .
neut	the man is at a restaurant
cont	the man is cooking a steak in the kitchen .
cont	a dog with no shirt on his head out away from the ground .
cont	the woman is using a pulley
enta	a guy is bringing his food on a wire .
enta	a man is cooking
an old man and a child walk together along a pathway near a building .
8-150-2
neut	a father and son are walking to the store .
neut	a man and his son walk near a building .
neut	a man and child are walking to the store
cont	the old man and child are walking on the beach .
cont	a man and a child walk on a beach .
cont	the old man is walking his dog in the park .
cont	a man and his son are sitting on a bench .
enta	a man and child are walking on the path near a building
enta	the old man and child are walking .
enta	a man and a child walk near a building .
8-150-4
neut	the father and child are wearing pink
neut	a father and son are walking together .
cont	two people are running down the street .
cont	the man and child are at the beach with their family .
cont	a man and his child are riding a bicycle .
cont	a father is riding a horse at the park .
enta	the old man and child are walking .
enta	the father is near the building .
enta	the father and child are walking together .
enta	a man is walking .
8-150-8
neut	the man is going to the store
neut	the man is walking on a shopping center .
cont	a young man and a child are eating lunch at a restaurant .
cont	an old man and a child are driving to work .
cont	the man walks his child down the street
enta	two people are walking
enta	the man and child are walking along a building .
enta	an old child and child are walking .
8-150-16
neut	they and a child are observing something
neut	the people were all working on a project
cont	the homeless man is pushing his child across a mountain .
cont	a man walks alone in a mall .
cont	the father and daughter are playing tag
enta	the old man and child are walking together in the middle of a building .
8-150-32
neut	the old child was opening a new new paper paint .
cont	the man is dancing with a quarter day
enta	two people are outdoors and has things on it .
enta	building workers walk on a break near a building .
enta	some people in a child are walking .
8-150-147
neut	a father and child are ready to be washed by animal .
cont	the people are seated on the hillside sidewalk .
cont	a man is trying to see a shark .
enta	a group of people enjoy the outside of a building .
6-150-8
neut	the old man wants to walk the park
neut	an old man and his child in the building
neut	an old man walks to the store looking .
cont	the lady sits on the couch in the park
cont	an adult man and a child are running .
cont	the boy sits on the ground with his son
cont	the man sits on the ground alone .
enta	the man and a child walk in the woods
enta	the couple and child walk along a path .
enta	the man and child walk in the middle of .
7-150-8
neut	the young man is showing off .
cont	one woman looking on the river at night .
cont	old women are looking down outdoors .
cont	a child is running around with a child .
enta	a child is looking near a a building .
enta	one person is waving an old building outside .
9-226-8
neut	the old man is trying to get a child on the sidewalk to catch a
cont	two people are dancing in a club
cont	the people sit outside on the couch .
cont	the people are walking on the park
cont	a father and child are sitting on a couch .
enta	old people and man are walking .
enta	the elderly man and man are walking down the sidewalk to get a walk .
a racing motorcycle rider has fallen off his bike and is sliding on the ground while another rider is driving behind .
8-150-2
neut	the motorcycle is a professional .
neut	the motorcycle rider is going to win .
cont	a motorcycle rider is in the middle of the ocean .
enta	the man is outside
enta	a motorcycle rider is outside .
8-150-4
neut	a race rider is about to win the race
cont	he was eating lunch .
enta	a man is riding his bike .
enta	a man with a bicycle rides down the ground .
8-150-8
neut	the professional motorcycle rider racing
cont	the rider is standing .
cont	the racer is sitting in the ground .
enta	the man jumped the bike
enta	a rider is performing a stunt .
8-150-16
neut	the atv rider is scared of a motorcycle along the ground .
cont	the driver is speeding away from the racer .
enta	a teenager rides a bike
enta	the bicyclist is driving with someone on his bike .
enta	two athletes are close near a motorcycle .
8-150-32
neut	a taxi stunt figure competing near a bicycle .
cont	the people is paragliding in the empty city desert .
enta	this is a bike bike .
8-150-147
neut	the bicycle rider is racing down the hill .
cont	a race rider is running away .
enta	the bike rider carries down the man 's bike .
enta	a dangerous rider is riding a bike and jumping on the ground .
6-150-8
neut	the dog was riding his bike to the store
cont	one athlete is driving a car on a track .
cont	the dogs ride his bike down a grassy hill
enta	the rider rides his bike on his bike
7-150-8
neut	the race has is bike towards a park
neut	there is a female sitting in a race
cont	the race had a car and the motorcycle .
cont	a teenager takes his truck .
cont	one bike kart are watching the bike store
enta	some person are driving the motorcycle .
enta	motorcycle is getting off off the bike
9-226-8
neut	a motorcyclist rides down a hill at a ball game .
neut	a man rides a motorcycle in california .
neut	the motorcycle rider goes the track track
cont	the motorcycle rider drives down the road
cont	the motorcycle is driving his car .
enta	a bike rider is playing with a man
enta	a motorcycle racer is crashing off a motorcycle .
street vendors sell various wards , including pineapples and soccer balls .
8-150-2
neut	vendors sell their shoes for the first time .
cont	the vendors are selling food
cont	the vendors are selling food at the restaurant .
enta	vendors sell produce
enta	vendors are selling .
8-150-4
neut	man and a dog are going to the store
neut	street vendors are trying to get to the store .
cont	vendors are eating lunch .
cont	people are selling oranges .
enta	there are a lot of people in the city .
enta	vendors are being fed .
enta	vendors are being played
8-150-8
neut	vendors smoking fast fast bananas .
neut	the vendors had a new .
cont	an vendors store with bucket are selling them in the street .
cont	sipping lunch in the park
enta	the vendors have produce
8-150-16
neut	the street buildings are the street after the 4th of july .
neut	street group of flowers want to play in the street .
cont	the street people are eating fudge .
cont	the customers are racing english in the restaurant
cont	a family marches at the beach with their hands
enta	the employees are working together .
8-150-32
neut	several lot of different of baskets giving apples to an old game .
cont	a street street vendor is building a large ring .
cont	the shopping is open and no one is over .
enta	a busy vendor people
enta	the fans were surrounded by the street .
8-150-147
neut	local rich workers have long railroad project
neut	the venders are delivering out pieces to see .
cont	a bunch of people are sitting inside and cheese .
cont	the city street is staying on car .
cont	a lone market of all street eating
enta	goods works works on a road .
6-150-8
neut	the women buy a new items for sale
cont	the street vendors are playing in a field
cont	the people have a bunch of pears running .
cont	the police officers are sitting in a chair
cont	the dogs were playing in the grassy field
enta	the dogs block a street to a street
7-150-8
neut	a person is enjoying the great ball outside .
neut	a vendor is looking for an item
cont	a crowd is looking on headquarters together
cont	man are jumping to catch a bus .
cont	a lady sells nothing she 's white .
enta	vendors and soccer ball .
enta	the street vendor has an game outdoors vendors .
9-226-8
neut	a group of men are talking to buy a cigarette .
cont	not a group of young boys sell a lot of fish
cont	street vendors are buying a present at the theater .
cont	children are running through the park with their parents .
enta	the people are selling drinks .
enta	people are handling fruit .
a woman in black clothing runs down the street barefoot next to two people on bicycles and a female runner .
8-150-2
neut	a woman is running down the street to get to the store .
neut	the woman is a professional woman
cont	the woman is riding a bike .
enta	the people are outside
enta	there are people running on the street .
enta	people are on a street .
enta	the woman is running down the street .
8-150-4
neut	a woman running to her boyfriend and a woman .
cont	a woman is taking a nap .
cont	a woman is eating lunch .
cont	woman is riding a horse .
enta	the woman is outside
8-150-8
neut	the woman is about to win the race .
neut	they are running to catch a friend .
neut	two woman are having their picture taken
cont	a bunch of people are running in the forest .
cont	a woman is having a picnic at the beach .
cont	a woman standing alone on bikes
cont	a woman and her friends are walking down the street .
enta	a female is wearing a black clothing outfit .
8-150-16
neut	a woman runs down the street with her husband .
cont	a girl goes in the middle of the road .
cont	the female runner is walking by a crowd .
enta	a women run to a crowd .
enta	a woman is participating by two humans .
enta	a young woman runs down the street
8-150-32
neut	two women race past the people walking her best .
neut	a woman takes her transportation to be seen .
cont	the woman hair in blue walking his .
cont	a rich person walks to work .
enta	this in the snowy leaves has a woman running .
enta	a woman is running down the street outside
8-150-147
neut	a woman is giving the couples working on a bike .
neut	a woman is running past a rally leader .
cont	a woman is shooting a cat race .
cont	a woman is riding a motorboat in the front streets .
enta	a women up luggage in front of two people .
enta	a woman is being escorted by a bicycle .
enta	a woman in black is running down a street in hand .
6-150-8
neut	the women wants to take the winter series
neut	the couple just got done running a marathon
neut	an elderly woman is jogging to the store
cont	the couple jumps on the a hill
cont	the couple eats the grass and is a man
cont	an adult walks down the street alone .
cont	the couple rode the bus in his backyard .
enta	the lady runs to the two people .
enta	the lady plays with the people on the street
enta	the couple walks down the street in clothing
7-150-8
neut	a couple on vacation looking a stroll .
neut	a women is running while playing a ball .
neut	the black woman is using the world .
cont	a person is eating the food alone .
cont	a couple of people is white
cont	the runner is sitting on her road .
cont	three people are washing inside .
enta	in the street his two a lady are together outside .
9-226-8
neut	two women are running in a race in the country .
neut	the woman just bought a track
cont	the there are no one is playing the same people in the city
cont	an woman is running and her car and child is going to the store
enta	a woman walks along the street
enta	a woman runs in a race .
a man and woman look like they are having their picture taken in front of a famous building in france .
8-150-2
neut	the man and woman are taking pictures of the new york city .
neut	the man and woman are taking pictures of the new york city .
cont	a man and woman are sitting in a car in the city .
cont	a couple are watching a movie .
enta	the couple are looking at the picture .
enta	a man and woman are in front of a building .
enta	two people pose for a picture .
enta	there are people looking at the picture .
8-150-4
neut	two people and their wife are taking pictures .
cont	a group of people are watching a movie .
cont	a man and a woman are standing at a table with their eyes closed .
cont	a man and woman are at a restaurant .
enta	a couple of people are posing with a building .
enta	two people are outside with a camera .
enta	people are getting their picture taken .
enta	a people look at a picture in front of a building
8-150-8
neut	the man and woman are a photographer .
neut	a man is taking a picture of his couple at a wedding .
cont	the man is stealing the child .
cont	a man watches a woman pose on a giant statue of a house .
enta	the man and woman are using a camera .
enta	people in a building are standing .
8-150-16
neut	a grandfather gazes at the child for her friend 's house
neut	the man and woman are remembering the portrait .
cont	a man and the woman are going down the road
cont	the looking is in a movie theater .
cont	the man and woman are riding down the street .
cont	there is a man and woman dancing
enta	a man and woman are looking at something
enta	the man and a woman are looking at something .
enta	couple standing near a building
enta	the people are looking up while the building .
8-150-32
neut	the couple are looking for photos in the area of a building .
neut	the women and woman are getting ready to watch its .
neut	two workers pretend to look for the camera off .
neut	the couple are getting ready to fight another person .
cont	the couple are sleep on a bird .
cont	something looks an has no one is on it .
cont	the people are taking a shower in the country .
enta	someone is light art and have photo taken
enta	a man and woman are taking photos
8-150-147
neut	the man is a professional painted woman .
cont	a guy and bride drink in the hallway .
cont	two lovers are asleep in front of a building .
cont	two women , a woman look in the cage of a building .
cont	the man and woman are standing in line for bus .
enta	people are holding photos of a building .
enta	the man and woman are in front of a building .
6-150-8
neut	the tall person takes a picture for picture
neut	the tall person takes a picture of a building
neut	the tall person takes the picture to eat
cont	a man is looking at the sky behind .
cont	two people running in front of a building .
cont	an old man is looking at a car
cont	the women were playing video games in the park
enta	the man and woman look at their picture .
enta	the couple pose for a picture in need
enta	an adult is looking at the group outside
7-150-8
neut	the couple of love on some wall .
neut	a couple enjoys a video is taken a building .
cont	a couple is fishing at midnight .
cont	a couple is drinking out of a hotel .
cont	a cat is playing a game outside .
enta	the group of is doing a picture outdoors .
enta	a woman is facing up .
enta	a person is inside a woman .
9-226-8
neut	a man and woman are at a wedding party for their next event .
neut	a couple are going to a meeting
neut	a woman is posing for the concert
neut	the people are shopping children .
cont	a woman and man are sitting down
cont	a man and woman are at the beach in the middle of the ocean .
cont	the woman and man are looking at a mural of a man
cont	no one is standing in front of the top of the car .
enta	a couple of people are standing outside , sitting .
a man and woman hug .
8-150-2
neut	they are getting married .
neut	a man and woman are smiling for a picture
cont	a man and woman are playing chess in the park
cont	a man and woman are sitting in a car in the park .
cont	the people are kissing .
enta	a couple of people .
enta	a man and woman are smiling
enta	a man and a woman holding hugging each other
8-150-4
neut	a man and woman are talking in a park .
cont	the couple is holding hands and the man is the man .
cont	a man eats a hot dog
enta	two people are talking .
enta	people are hugging .
enta	people are hugging
enta	two people are hugging .
8-150-8
neut	a man and woman are on their way to a friend .
neut	the man is talking to the woman in the dark .
neut	a couple is having a proposal
cont	the couple is laying down .
cont	a man and woman are sitting and talking with a man reading a book .
cont	the married couple is playing on the beach .
cont	the couple is taking a shower .
enta	the man is holding a woman .
enta	a woman and a man are smiling .
8-150-16
neut	a couple is watching the news news
cont	the man and woman are eating mexican .
cont	the couple ran alone in the middle of their day .
cont	the man was next to a dog
enta	a man with woman
enta	the man and woman had something in the hand
enta	a man and a woman are hugging
8-150-32
neut	the couple are wearing and brown and musical .
neut	the sad man and a woman are admiring .
cont	the woman dances on the treadmill in the water .
cont	two people walking the streets at the track .
cont	a couple of men are pushing a tricycle
cont	a man and a woman are partying .
enta	there are some people and two people
enta	a man and a woman are carrying .
enta	a man and woman are reaching in the each other .
8-150-147
neut	a man and woman are holding a color community .
neut	a man and woman are standing in a war
cont	two people are taking bicycles in the park .
cont	a man and woman are sitting down in a picnic .
enta	people are gazing at each other .
enta	a person and woman are getting ready to be there .
6-150-8
neut	the old man and woman are having fun
neut	the couple was happy to be married .
neut	the couple was happy to be married .
neut	a family is happy to be hugging .
cont	the dog jumps off the ground and .
cont	the men fighting in the middle of grass
cont	the women and man are playing soccer .
cont	the couple sits on the couch in a library .
enta	the couple hug is getting ready in to .
7-150-8
neut	this couple is hugging a woman outside .
neut	a woman and her wife is waiting together .
neut	a couple of people are drunk
cont	the two guys in white gloves .
cont	a couple of people are crying on the school ground
cont	2 people are driving a car outside .
cont	the small couple is sitting up in silence
enta	a woman and an man are talking .
9-226-8
neut	a married couple is waiting to their brother .
neut	two people are talking about their future to each other
neut	two people are smiling at a concert .
neut	a man and a woman are looking at a book .
cont	the person wraps cake
cont	man and woman punch fight .
cont	the men and woman are wearing pants
cont	the men are kissing .
enta	a man hug at someone else .
a man and a woman seated at a table , having drinks and deep in conversation .
8-150-2
neut	two people are drinking beer .
cont	two people are drinking beer at a bar
enta	people at a table .
enta	a man and a woman are talking at a table .
enta	the man and woman are sitting together .
8-150-4
neut	a man and woman are enjoying their dinner .
neut	the man and woman are about to eat lunch .
neut	two people are getting ready to eat lunch
cont	the man is dancing .
cont	two men are talking .
cont	two men and a woman are eating a sandwich .
cont	the men are asleep in the house .
enta	people eating .
enta	a man and woman are talking together .
enta	the two people are talking to each other .
enta	a man and woman are talking .
8-150-8
neut	a couple is at the buffet table .
neut	the man is at a wedding .
neut	two people in all talking are talking about sports in a restaurant
cont	a young man is playing catch with his friends .
enta	a man and woman are talking into a table in front of a drink .
enta	a man and woman are making food .
8-150-16
neut	the couple enjoys the reception and talking .
neut	the wife may is having a drink
cont	the ladies were not standing at a table they are hungry .
cont	two people have water at night .
cont	a dog and woman are running to work
enta	a human is celebrating something .
enta	a large study has tea and many people .
enta	people have drinks and drinks .
8-150-32
neut	a couple celebrating dinner over the box
neut	two people are being unwittingly by a funny buffet .
cont	the couple paddle a bowling racket .
enta	the couple are sitting on furniture .
enta	woman is relaxing at table .
enta	a man and woman are talking in front of others .
8-150-147
neut	a man is preparing a wedding by his parents .
neut	a man and a woman just told bad tea .
neut	four people have drinks in a party
cont	the man 's mother is standing around the table .
cont	two men are together at a table .
cont	a man and woman are standing by the street .
cont	the man and woman are sitting in front of a small pool .
enta	two people are sitting together on a table .
enta	a man and woman eat outside at a table .
6-150-8
neut	an old man is talking to a woman
cont	the man plays with his wife in the park
cont	the men sit in the middle of grass
cont	the couple sits at the table in silence
enta	the women sit at a table eating inside .
enta	the man and woman sit at the table talking
enta	the man sits at the table talking .
7-150-8
neut	a couple on their favorite break .
neut	a couple are drinking beer in water .
cont	the baseball player sits in the sand
cont	a child is looking out a hamburger
enta	2 people are celebrating at the table outside .
enta	the table has a beverage outdoors .
9-226-8
neut	two women are waiting for someone to start a dinner at a restaurant .
neut	a couple are having a picnic and talking about their food
neut	the couple have a party party for the birthday party .
cont	two woman is eating and playing golf .
cont	two people are driving a beer to eat dinner in the bar .
cont	the people and baseball are standing outside a restaurant .
enta	the people are sitting at a table .
enta	the people and man are together .
woman reading a book in a laundry room
8-150-2
neut	a sad woman reading a book in a laundry room .
cont	a woman is eating a sandwich .
enta	a woman is reading a book .
enta	a woman is reading a book .
enta	the woman is reading a book .
8-150-4
neut	a woman reading the newspaper
neut	a woman reading a book at a restaurant .
cont	a woman sits on a bench .
cont	the woman is reading a book outside .
enta	a woman is reading in a kitchen .
enta	the lady reading a book in the laundry room .
enta	the person is at a kitchen .
8-150-8
neut	a woman is reading the book on her way home .
cont	the man is working in a pool .
cont	the woman is swimming .
cont	a woman jogging is waiting for the bus
enta	there are people reading
enta	a lady reading a book with a book .
enta	a woman reads in a room
8-150-16
neut	the old woman has down the same of the laundry room .
cont	a woman is riding on a bus .
enta	woman reading her book
enta	a woman standing near people reading .
enta	a woman is enjoying a book .
enta	a woman is sitting on a laundry .
8-150-32
neut	a woman watches the weather is writing .
neut	a woman is going to go shopping for her family
cont	she is communicating on her shoe ready .
cont	woman praying in plain water .
enta	a woman reading a book .
enta	there is a lady at the beach checking a book .
8-150-147
neut	a woman is reading a book in front of a shopping room .
cont	the machine floats in front of the closet below .
cont	a man is preparing to a bar .
enta	a woman in a shack are reading .
enta	a woman is reading a book behind .
6-150-8
neut	the mother reading the book of the hand
neut	an elderly woman reading a book in bed
cont	an individual walking in the middle of grass
cont	an individual is sleeping in the laundry room .
enta	the women were reading a book while reading
enta	the lady was reading the book in the
enta	the lady reading in the kitchen of the kitchen
7-150-8
neut	a person is buying some long newspaper ,
cont	a women is out at her grocery store
cont	a women is running down the sidewalk .
cont	a woman is getting home together
cont	a lady is having lunch at the road .
enta	a lady is getting reading in laundry .
enta	a women is handling food .
9-226-8
neut	the woman reads a book in the middle of a room .
cont	a woman is sleeping in the park
cont	a woman is lying down and reads in the store .
cont	a woman is doing homework in a tub tub
enta	a woman is reading on her bed reading
enta	a woman reading together .
protesters in costumes carry signs through a paved city street .
8-150-2
neut	the protesters are in a parade
neut	the protesters are protesting the square for the people .
cont	a group of protesters are walking through a field .
cont	a group of people are walking in a park .
enta	a group of people are protesting .
enta	people are protesting outside .
enta	protesters are waving signs to the street .
8-150-4
neut	the protesters are trying to cross the street .
neut	some police officers are trying to put out signs .
cont	the protesters are flying .
cont	some people are cooking .
cont	protesters are sitting in the city .
enta	some people are waving signs into the street .
enta	the protesters are dressed in costumes .
enta	a group of people are dressed up .
enta	protesters and signs are being carried .
8-150-8
neut	several military spectators trying to stay from the city street for the day .
neut	protesters raise signs from a parade .
cont	the people are running .
cont	there are people asleep in their clothing .
cont	several people are driving to the store
enta	some individuals are protesting off the city street .
enta	there are many people in costumes
enta	people are trying to cross a street .
8-150-16
neut	some protestors are spending time at the festival .
neut	the protest was hung by the protesters were protesting .
cont	the protest was from people to be given to a tree .
cont	cheerleaders are inspecting the signs
enta	activists wore costume and carrying signs .
8-150-32
neut	the presidential citizens for google find from a business .
neut	asian people are watching gent through the city .
neut	political men from costumes are cheering for their father
cont	people are under an outdoor cafe .
cont	the man and the officers are not talking by the street .
cont	the protesters are taking a nap .
cont	soldiers and bicycles are sleeping in front of a city street .
enta	the cyclists watch moving .
8-150-147
neut	some women in hard street scene are going to their signs .
neut	the crowd is protesting because she is building a business .
neut	several men are seen applied of flip for a street .
neut	wilson behind the street is talking to customers on it .
cont	three men are eating a ball in the city .
cont	the crowd is seated by the flag getting ready .
cont	the traffic office is driving down the street .
enta	climbers are wearing costumes together .
6-150-8
neut	the police soldiers are a couple of the street
neut	the man just got done to the rain .
cont	the crowd cheers at the grocery store .
cont	the men were a car in an empty city
cont	the police were in the middle of fire .
cont	the dogs sleeping on the street in silence .
enta	three people were in costumes with a crowd .
enta	the couple were marching in front of a street
7-150-8
neut	protesters and the war are red
cont	no protesters are on school school
cont	a family looks out on the hill
cont	protesters are not wearing costumes in city .
cont	a guy is sleeping on the beach alone
enta	the group gathers through front of something .
9-226-8
neut	the protesters are marching in the street .
neut	people are waiting in line to get home .
neut	a group is walking through church in city
neut	people are marching together in the parade
cont	people are standing in the city in an alley and cries .
cont	people are inside an stadium on the roof .
cont	the workers are in a shopping mall working to get wet
cont	the people are inside playing .
enta	group is dressed as standing outside
enta	people are standing outside and the road are marching
enta	people are standing outside .
two boys , one wearing green , the other in yellow , are playing with sidewalk chalk , drawing pictures on the ground .
8-150-2
neut	the boys are drawing for the pictures for the pictures .
cont	two boys play with a doll in the kitchen .
cont	two boys are in the kitchen eating
cont	the two boys are playing with a doll in the kitchen .
cont	the boys are sitting in the grass .
enta	there is a couple of people playing outside
enta	there are two boys playing .
enta	the two boys are outside
enta	the two boys are playing with a sidewalk .
enta	two boys play outside .
enta	two boys are playing outside .
8-150-4
neut	two boys and a dog are playing with a sidewalk for a picture .
neut	two kids are drawing a picture for their parents .
neut	two kids are drawing a picture for their home .
cont	one boy is playing with a bone .
cont	two boys play in a grassy field
enta	a couple of boys play with chalk .
enta	a couple plays with a sidewalk .
enta	people are outside playing .
enta	two boys are playing outside with outside .
8-150-8
neut	the two children were happy to see the ground .
neut	two boys are together for the first time .
neut	the two kids of the boys are all playing together .
cont	two boys are playing the piano at the gym .
cont	three boys are playing outside the living room .
cont	two girls are wearing green and black .
cont	boys and girl are walking along the street .
enta	two boys play a yard
enta	the boys were waiting outside .
enta	two boys play with a toy
enta	two boys are playing on the ground .
enta	a single person is outside playing with toys .
8-150-16
neut	the boys are talking to their friend
neut	two asian kids at the yard
neut	boys are playing at their home watching a game .
neut	two boys play with their friends at the yard .
cont	ten girls are in a red car
cont	the two boys are having ballet at the beach .
cont	a child is playing with the rope .
cont	boys are playing on a couch at home .
enta	two people have in a bright bright outfit
enta	two boys play with outside .
enta	some kids are enjoying themselves outside .
8-150-32
neut	the boys are showing self new graffiti .
neut	two boys are trying to represent inside with pictures .
neut	the boys are getting ready to sell the graffiti on the ground .
neut	boys are giving photos to be in a popular story .
cont	two boys are all on a stage
cont	the boys are drawing on a rock .
cont	two young girls are walking sitting on the couch .
cont	a couple looks off to the painting while empty , spray , killing .
enta	five boys are looking at pictures .
enta	two people are drawing outside
8-150-147
neut	children are seen during the game to their rivals .
cont	the little girl is all wearing any red .
cont	a animals are being dressed , and but their tattoos in green .
cont	the boys were wearing protective and blue , shirts .
enta	3 people are posing for a picture .
enta	boy and kids are standing outside playing .
enta	the boys are outside playing with top painted .
6-150-8
neut	the boy drawing his way to a house
neut	the boys were playing in the park painting .
neut	the boys have a lot of school .
neut	the boy drawing his way to meet the building
cont	the boys sit in the store on fire .
cont	the boy sleeps in the grass at the beach
cont	the boys were playing in the middle snow .
cont	the boy sleeps in the grass , reading
cont	the boy sits alone in the living room
enta	the children watch the ground are playing outdoors .
enta	the boys play with the sand art outside
enta	the kids play with the sand art outside
enta	the boys put the chalk chalk on the ground
7-150-8
neut	a group of people celebrate on green class
neut	the huge sidewalk were in white
cont	a couple are rolling around on a carpet .
cont	three little girls is showing off to their apartment .
cont	a girl goes from the garden
cont	a woman is holding her man .
cont	the rock door was outside on the table
enta	the group is taking the picture of chalk .
enta	the man using is moving play .
enta	kids are near each other .
enta	some people are facing pictures outdoors .
9-226-8
neut	the boys play a game of tennis outdoors .
neut	two boys are having fun with their parents in the park .
neut	two boys and children are playing in the street with friends .
neut	boys work on a bamboo in the middle of the road .
cont	boys are at the movies play in the park
cont	the boys are playing baseball .
cont	two kids playing in the sandbox on a sunny day .
cont	a dog is running away from his boy with their hands
cont	nobody is playing basketball with their parents .
cont	a boy and cat are fighting over the stairs .
enta	two boys are on a sidewalk .
a black dog is chasing a ball on a green grass .
8-150-2
neut	the dog is playing in the park
cont	a dog is chasing a cat .
cont	the dog is in a desert .
cont	the dog is sleeping on the couch .
enta	a dog is chasing a ball .
enta	a dog chases a ball on a green grass
enta	the dog is playing in the grass .
enta	a dog is playing .
8-150-4
neut	the black dog is trying to catch a ball .
neut	the dog is trying to get a ball
cont	the black dog has no legs .
cont	a cat is playing with a ball .
enta	a dog is playing outside .
enta	a dog playing .
enta	there are dogs in the grass .
8-150-8
neut	a dog jumping over the grass to get to the park .
cont	a black dog is playing basketball for a competition .
cont	the dog is awake and .
enta	a dog jumps in the grass .
enta	a dog is playing with a ball in a yard .
8-150-16
neut	a large dog on the grass poses for it 's owner .
neut	the young boy is chasing his sled with the ball .
cont	the canine is walking with a ball on his head .
cont	the dog plays in a grassy field .
enta	a black dog is running outdoors .
enta	a black dog is chasing grass outdoors .
8-150-32
neut	the animal is playing a game .
cont	the dog is blonde .
cont	the dog is napping in the sun .
enta	dog s a ball
enta	a dog is chases a ball
8-150-147
neut	the dog is about to run a dart
neut	the dog loves his owner in the dirt .
neut	a man is wearing a ball during a long walk .
cont	a dog is playing saw where a cat .
cont	a dog is getting ready to run down the road .
cont	a black dog is jumping in the pool .
enta	a black dog makes a ball on the grass .
6-150-8
neut	the man 's dog is playing with him
cont	an adult in a car is eating the ball
cont	an adult in a car driving a golf truck
cont	the dogs dressed as black dog is sitting inside
enta	an animal is chasing a ball on the grass
enta	the animal chasing a ball on a grass
enta	the animal chased the ball on the green grass
enta	the dogs chasing a ball on a grass
7-150-8
neut	a dog is enjoying himself on the grass
neut	the ball and other in the dug fight .
cont	a dog is playing baseball .
cont	the two dogs in the dog nap class
enta	an animal doing a ball in grass .
enta	one dog has something in ball
9-226-8
neut	the black dog is chasing his owner .
neut	black dog running to catch the ball back from the man .
cont	a dog is sleeping on his bed .
cont	a man and at a dog are swimming in the lake .
cont	the dog is sitting under the tree
enta	a dog does a trick
a happy boy is jumping in front od city fountain .
8-150-2
neut	the boy is playing with his friends
neut	the boy is wearing a helmet .
neut	the boy jumps to get his first time .
cont	a boy is sleeping on the fountain .
cont	the boy is playing in the sand
cont	the boy is playing in the sand .
enta	a human jumping .
enta	a boy is jumping
enta	boy jumping
8-150-4
neut	the little boy is playing in a park for his family .
neut	an artist jumping in the city fountain .
neut	a young boy plays outside for his parents .
cont	the boy was asleep on the couch .
cont	a little girl is taking a nap on the beach .
cont	a girl is taking a nap .
cont	a boy is watching tv
enta	the boy jumps .
enta	a child jumps in the water .
enta	a child jumps into a fountain .
enta	a young boy jumping in front of a fountain .
8-150-8
neut	the boy is using parkour
neut	a little boy is jumping from his dog in front of the fountain .
neut	a little boy and his friends jumping on the street .
cont	a boy is walking down the street
cont	a child makes a car
cont	a boy lying his car on the street .
enta	a little boy is in front of a fountain .
enta	a boy is having fun
8-150-16
neut	a fat girl is jumping outside .
neut	a kid is competing on a swing .
cont	a sad boy jumps in the fountain
cont	a girl is running from her dog in front of a fountain .
enta	the boy is playing with a fountain .
enta	a little boy jumps outside .
8-150-32
neut	mom is jumping to be fixed .
neut	the kid is injured and playing the game
neut	a young boy rushing through the fountain at her fair .
cont	a girl in the park watches a dog .
cont	a little girl is laying sand with sand .
cont	a small child in a dress sits on the lawn .
enta	billy is doing something together .
enta	a child is leaping at the fountain .
8-150-147
neut	the boy is distracted on the way to school .
neut	a boy is jumping to his water while standing in front of the fountain .
cont	a little boy is laying on the front beach .
cont	little boy is riding a plane in front of the fountain .
enta	a young boy is near a rest roll in front of the fountain .
enta	a with child is near the fountain .
enta	a boy swings to his water .
enta	a boy is jumping in front of a fountain .
6-150-8
neut	the boy likes to jump the rock outside .
cont	the boys sits on the couch at the park
cont	the young girl was asleep in bed
enta	the kid was jumping in front of the fountain
enta	the boy jumps in front of a fountain .
enta	the boy was jumping in his shoes .
7-150-8
neut	boys meet their food outdoors
neut	boy is practicing jumping for the finals .
cont	the little boy is looking at a building .
cont	the little girl is laying down for halloween
cont	the little girl is on their faces .
cont	a kid has no a jumping in it
enta	a few people sail with the food city
enta	he is having fun in a fountain .
9-226-8
neut	a boy is playing in the fountain and his mother is jumping rope .
neut	a child jumps into the water to make a picture of the fountain .
neut	a boy is about to go fishing .
cont	a woman jumping into a fountain fountain .
cont	the little boy is sitting on the couch in the living room .
cont	the boy is at the movies .
enta	a young boy was jumping into the fountain .
enta	a boy is jumping in the water
enta	a boy is playing outside
enta	a child is jumping out of the water .
a man sits on a bench beside his bike while viewing the scenery around him overlooking a busy city .
8-150-2
neut	the man is waiting for his bike .
neut	a man sits on a bench waiting for his bike .
neut	the man is waiting for his friend to arrive .
neut	a man is sitting on a bench waiting for his bike
cont	the man is riding his bike
cont	the man sits on the bench in the park .
cont	a man sits on a bench in the park .
enta	there is a man sitting on a bench .
enta	a man sits near a street
enta	a man sits on a bench outside the view .
enta	there is a man sitting on a bench .
8-150-4
neut	a man is sitting on a bench waiting for his friend .
neut	a bike rider is on a date
neut	the man is waiting to be a good camera .
cont	the woman sits on the beach .
cont	a man rides a bike through a park
enta	the man is looking .
enta	a man is sitting on a bench outside .
enta	the man is looking at the bike around the city .
enta	the man has his bike .
8-150-8
neut	the man is waiting for his bike to get out of the city .
neut	a man sitting on his bike in the city for his first day of the
neut	a man is taking orders .
cont	a man is driving his bike on a bench by the ocean .
cont	a man rides his bike along the street .
enta	there are a man in a city area
enta	a man is on a bench .
8-150-16
neut	the man is a man lost
cont	a woman sleeps on a bench .
cont	a woman is sitting outdoors .
enta	a man is watching a bench
enta	a man is sitting
8-150-32
neut	the man is angry while balancing a nice day .
cont	a woman pushing a mountain mountains in a city .
cont	a child runs through an alley
cont	a man is looking over the sky at home with his kids .
enta	a man is sitting near a bench .
enta	a guy 's bike is safe around a neighborhood .
8-150-147
neut	a man is doing a taxi for the tourists .
neut	a man is writing a small jump with the other sky .
cont	the man is petting the beach .
cont	a man is climbing the street .
cont	a man is driving a red bicycle down the road .
cont	a man is riding a bike down the sidewalk .
enta	a man is taking a bike over open .
6-150-8
neut	the police officer is a professional is working
cont	the man was riding his bike through the park
cont	the boy sits on the bench in the woods
cont	the dog eats a sandwich in his living room
cont	an adult is sitting on the ground watching tv
enta	the men sit on the bench near the street
enta	the guy sits next to his bike outside
enta	the man has a bike and is not standing
7-150-8
neut	a male hiker is enjoying his bicycle .
neut	some people riding are brown .
cont	a girl is looking for nothing
cont	a child looks open in his driveway
cont	the man has his bike inside a house .
cont	everybody is about to a rural area
enta	this male is dressed on life .
enta	person 's feet with the hands
enta	a guy is looking at something off together .
9-226-8
neut	the man is about to go in his bicycle is not not outside .
neut	a professional sits next to his bike while his wife sitting on a bench .
cont	a man lies on the beach
cont	the man is riding a bike .
enta	a man is moving .
enta	a man is staring outside .
enta	a person is doing their stunts outside .
three dogs racing on racetrack
8-150-2
neut	dogs racing to the same time .
neut	the dogs are racing
cont	the dogs are running in the park .
cont	the dogs are inside .
enta	the dogs are outside .
enta	three dogs racing
enta	some animals are on the track .
enta	a group of dogs racing on a racetrack .
8-150-4
neut	three dogs are competing in a race .
neut	three dogs are chasing a stick .
neut	the dogs are at the race .
neut	three dogs are chasing a frisbee at the race .
cont	three dogs are driving a car .
cont	dogs sleeping on the couch .
cont	three dogs are eating ice cream
enta	the animals on a racetrack
enta	three dogs racing on a racetrack .
enta	some dogs racing
enta	the animals are racing .
8-150-8
neut	some dogs run across the track for the first time .
neut	three brown dogs are racing each other .
neut	a group of dogs are racing on the track .
cont	the room is broken .
enta	several dogs do tricks on a track
enta	the dogs on the track .
enta	three dogs are outside
enta	three dogs are riding on a track .
8-150-16
neut	dogs are tied for an place marathon .
neut	the dogs are chasing each other
cont	three motorcyclists drink tea .
cont	there are cats in the yard .
cont	the pets are at home watching television .
cont	the dogs fight over the ball in front of the lake .
enta	some dogs are running .
enta	three dogs are racing on racetrack .
8-150-32
neut	dogs race at the carnival on his rural racetrack .
neut	several dogs are having a running trip .
neut	paramedics are competing toward the same horse .
cont	two dogs are asleep on the grass
cont	several dogs are laying on a boat .
cont	three dogs fight on the beach with their dogs .
enta	group of dogs are racing
8-150-147
neut	the dogs are wearing a colored uniforms .
neut	the dogs are about to go before the sights
cont	the dogs are having a conversation on the beach .
cont	some dogs are flying a cross ball .
cont	dogs are sitting in the grass .
enta	a bunch of animals jumping on the racetrack .
6-150-8
neut	the dog running on the racetrack during race
neut	the man just got done running on the racetrack
cont	three people are sitting on a park bench outside
cont	the dogs sit on the grass in the woods
cont	the dogs were playing in the living room .
cont	the dog sits in the middle of the track .
enta	the dogs running on the track outdoors .
7-150-8
neut	animals race are racing at the hourse
neut	the race brothers are driving .
cont	no one is lounging under a tree
enta	some animals on the group are outside .
enta	a bunch of dogs racing .
enta	a dog is carrying something out a outdoors .
9-226-8
neut	three dogs are competing with a stick in the water .
neut	the animals are running fast .
neut	three dogs that are other team on their bikes .
neut	dogs duking off after lunch .
cont	three cats play in the park .
cont	three cats play tag on the train .
cont	three cats in a field are running through the grass .
cont	three dogs are eating lunch from a stick
enta	the animals are racing .
enta	the animals are riding the dirt .
a couple in bathing suits walk on a beach .
8-150-2
neut	a couple is walking on the beach to get to the store .
neut	a couple are walking on the beach to get a tan .
cont	the couple is in the ocean .
cont	a couple is sitting on a couch .
enta	a couple in bathing suits walk .
enta	a couple walk
enta	the couple are on the beach .
8-150-4
neut	a man and woman are friends .
cont	the couple are sitting outside .
cont	a couple is sitting at a table drinking beer .
enta	some people are walking outdoors .
enta	a couple is on a beach .
enta	there are people outside
enta	some people are walking .
8-150-8
neut	the beach is a big bell .
cont	the couple is navigating the river
cont	a man and his wife are eating dinner at the restaurant .
cont	the man is walking down the beach .
enta	an older couple is walking on a beach .
enta	the couple is outdoors .
8-150-16
neut	the couple walks on the beach are touching a cloudy day .
neut	a couple is at a lagoon fleeing a beach .
neut	the man and women are on a beach .
cont	the couple is walking on a plane .
cont	a couple of guys are near an airplane .
cont	the man is playing the drums
enta	a guy walks on a beach
enta	there is a couple by the water at a beach .
enta	a couple on a beach .
8-150-32
neut	the couples side walking on the beach have cats .
neut	a couple of sheep walk through the ocean with people .
cont	a man and others the birds are screaming .
cont	a couple of boys swim are inside .
cont	a couple is sitting quietly and shouting
enta	the couple were on the beach .
enta	a couple walk on a beach outdoors .
enta	two people walk on a sandy beach .
8-150-147
neut	the fur couple is in going to go towards the water .
neut	the couple are going to buy a sandy sunset .
cont	the couple is pushing swimming trunks in the ocean .
cont	a couple is underwater with their dog .
enta	a couple and sun is riding each other .
6-150-8
neut	the women walk on the beach via .
neut	the couple enjoys the beach and a swim .
neut	the women were wearing bathing suits walking the beach
cont	the couple sits in the park on the beach
cont	one man 's swim in the pacific ocean
cont	the man walks in the rain at home
cont	the couple was taking a nap in a park
enta	the couple walk on the beach on the beach
enta	the couple walk on the beach outside
enta	the couple were walking on the beach outside .
7-150-8
neut	a couple looking on their honeymoon .
neut	the couple enjoy the sunny day for their game .
neut	the young woman is thirsty from .
cont	a woman is playing for dinner watches
cont	a child is playing on home .
cont	a child has fallen above the beach alone .
enta	the beach suits are outside with the sand .
enta	the couple was a lot of bathing suits
9-226-8
neut	couple is married for a boy
cont	the couple is sleeping on the beach in the rain .
cont	a couple is sleeping .
cont	a group of people are walking along a sidewalk in the rain .
cont	a couple running along the beach with their hands on the grass .
enta	some people walk together on a beach .
enta	a couple are walking down a beach .
many people are smiling as they gather in a room .
8-150-2
neut	people gather for a party to raise their friends .
neut	the people are at a party
neut	the people are smiling at the camera in a room
cont	the room is empty
cont	a group of people are at the beach eating lunch .
enta	there are people in a room .
enta	a group of people are in a room
enta	some people are in a room .
8-150-4
neut	many people see a funny good meal .
neut	many people get ready for a party
cont	many people are in the kitchen .
cont	people are sleeping on a couch .
cont	many people are in a park with their friends .
cont	people are standing at a bar with a large crowd .
enta	people are gathered .
enta	they are smiling
enta	the people are smiling in the room .
enta	people are outside of a room .
8-150-8
neut	many people are holding a book .
neut	tourists smiling for an annual 's halloween .
neut	a meeting of kids are wearing blue .
cont	there are no people .
cont	the group of people are taking a nap
cont	people are drinking wine .
cont	ten people are sleeping in a room .
enta	several people look at the room at the room
enta	there are many people gathered .
8-150-16
neut	people are going to meet a good time .
neut	group of men in a room going for
neut	the family cosplaying the room for school .
cont	the people are at a theater
enta	the people are smiling as they sit in the room .
enta	some people are hanging
8-150-32
neut	people meet at the class in the room .
cont	the people are napping on a bench .
cont	people gathering on the beach for a table .
cont	south people are grilling food
enta	something to could its seat
enta	there are several people in the picture .
enta	people their another taken in a room .
enta	people are excited together .
8-150-147
neut	people are standing on a room with their cellphones .
neut	people are getting a back back to the store .
neut	a group of teenagers are waiting for a holiday lunch .
cont	people are standing outside and turning the door .
cont	the people are standing still in the stove .
cont	the children are enjoying a picnic by the zoo .
cont	people are brewing coffee before their girls .
enta	a group of people is seen at a room .
6-150-8
neut	the men just got done their the room
neut	the man likes to go to the ballet .
neut	many people smiling as they take the wedding together
cont	the men wave the group of people are inside
cont	the men sit in the kitchen eating lunch
cont	the boy was in the grocery store .
cont	an empty room is being held in line
enta	many people smiling as they gather in their room
7-150-8
neut	several friends are smiling outdoors
neut	a woman is smiling at her a funeral
neut	many people watch someone won for their day .
cont	the group of kids are driving each other .
cont	the group of people is dead fight .
enta	the smiling humans in a photo .
9-226-8
neut	a large group of people are at the office building .
cont	the room is empty and people are looking on .
cont	people are standing together in a break .
cont	the man is cutting the hair and alone in the kitchen .
enta	people are speaking .
man in a blue shirt practicing karate .
8-150-2
neut	the man is a professional karate .
neut	a karate student is doing karate .
neut	a man practicing karate for his friends .
cont	a man is playing basketball
enta	the man is doing karate .
enta	a man is practicing karate .
enta	a man doing karate
enta	a man doing karate
8-150-4
neut	a man is practicing karate at the park .
neut	the man is learning karate for a karate competition
neut	a guy practicing for a karate competition .
cont	a man is taking a nap on a bench .
cont	a guy is taking a nap .
enta	the man is performing a karate .
enta	the karate man is practicing .
8-150-8
neut	the man is a teacher .
neut	a karate arts karate karate in his white karate .
neut	a man is getting paid on martial arts .
cont	the man rides a bicycle
cont	the man is at the beach
enta	someone is wearing a blue shirt .
enta	the man raises them .
8-150-16
neut	a man playing on a karate tournament .
neut	a man is about to play
neut	a man is exercising in a competition .
cont	a man cooks dinner on a friend .
cont	the man is naked at the pool .
cont	woman bald work
enta	a man is welding .
enta	a photographer on a traditional shirt doing karate .
8-150-32
neut	a man is performing the dog performance for her dog .
neut	the man has a beard and has a parachute .
cont	the man in a red shirt is putting tea .
cont	a man uses a purple shirt while watching tv .
cont	the man is too afraid at the martial .
enta	a man is practicing karate .
enta	a man is practicing karate .
enta	a man is touching karate
enta	there is a man in a shirt .
8-150-147
neut	a elderly man is training a karate kick .
cont	nobody is trying to tackle the ground
cont	a woman wears a blue shirt
cont	the man is inspecting up his right foot .
enta	a man is thinking under his ears .
enta	a man in a blue shirt and blue is cycling .
enta	a man is martial his martial pose .
6-150-8
neut	an indian man is playing a game .
neut	the man was practicing karate for a karate class
neut	the old man practicing karate for his competition .
cont	the lady was playing with the dog outside .
cont	the boy sat on the park park outside .
cont	the women dressed in blue shirt is playing soccer
cont	a cat is doing a trick in the park
enta	the man practices in the karate martial arts
7-150-8
neut	a guy looks to the karate competition .
cont	the young man is asleep down .
cont	the lady was doing jumping .
cont	a naked man looks around a large tree
cont	man trying to stop around a the rock
enta	a person has yellow shirt on .
enta	a person listens near a female .
9-226-8
neut	the man has learning karate in hawaii .
neut	a man is practicing for a competition .
neut	man wearing shorts and practicing karate carving .
cont	a man prepares to hit a frisbee in his mouth .
cont	the beard is black .
cont	a man is scuba diving with his notebook .
cont	a man is being watched by him .
enta	a man is at the martial arts .
two men are shopping for orange juice .
8-150-2
neut	two men shopping for their school home .
neut	the men are shopping for their work .
neut	the men are shopping for their husbands .
neut	two men are shopping for their work .
cont	the two men are at the beach .
cont	the men are sleeping in a tent .
enta	two men shopping for orange .
enta	two men are shopping
enta	two men are shopping .
8-150-4
neut	men are shopping for a party .
cont	two men are at a beach
cont	two women are shopping for food .
enta	two men are working .
enta	people looking at fruit .
enta	two men are shopping outside .
enta	men are shopping outside .
8-150-8
neut	the man is helping the man buy .
cont	two women shopping .
cont	one man is pushing the two men at the mall .
cont	the women are sitting at a cafe .
enta	two men are shopping
enta	there are two men .
enta	some men in a store are working to direct goods .
8-150-16
neut	two men pretend to be sad with brooms .
cont	two big dogs play with each other
cont	two workers are cooking a dinner .
cont	two people are fixing an audience 's bed .
enta	a group of men working in a juice .
enta	two men line on something .
enta	there are men in something with others .
8-150-32
neut	an bad day day day with his life .
neut	two men like home for a shopping trip .
neut	two men are seen for a magazine in their garden .
cont	three men are sitting at a crowded marketplace .
cont	two men are eating lunch in the mall .
cont	two men are making up with a yellow rope .
enta	two people are shopping a customer
8-150-147
neut	two men are going to buy a coke .
neut	the men are shopping for pedestrians .
neut	the two men are shopping for cans and have their hands .
cont	two men are enjoying a movie at home .
cont	two men are making a beer in mock .
cont	two men wear green water from a convertible .
enta	the these guy is browsing out .
6-150-8
neut	the men stand in the middle of july
neut	the guys were shopping for food and rice
cont	the women were playing in a park .
cont	the man ate the hot dog to the music
cont	the women sit at the bottom of the water
cont	the guys stand in the middle of the street
enta	two people are playing with something he 's
7-150-8
neut	the two of old men in orange .
neut	a couple of guys eat the juice juice juice
cont	the two man stand near his car wash
cont	a cat lies with the breakfast dinner table
enta	the guys man is shopping event .
enta	the two of a group of orange people .
enta	the men shop in the shopping .
9-226-8
neut	there are three men walking through a shopping center on their parents .
cont	two men people , playing basketball together .
cont	the two men are in the middle of the street vendor .
cont	two women at the beach are running down the beach
enta	some men are shopping for something .
enta	there are two men shopping at a store .
enta	some men shopping for food .
a man is signing a guitar , whose owner is smiling and has a hat with lights attached to it .
8-150-2
neut	the man signing the guitar for the crowd .
neut	the man is trying to make a musical instrument
cont	two dogs are playing a guitar in a band .
enta	there is a man with a hat on
enta	a person is smiling .
enta	there is a man in a hat
enta	a musician is giving a guitar to a group .
8-150-4
neut	a man gives a rock speech to his friend .
neut	a man is trying to get a rock rock song on a guitar .
neut	a man and his friend play a guitar .
cont	two women play a guitar .
cont	the man is a mute and the other was of his bathroom .
cont	a woman holds a red hat .
enta	a guitar is being played .
enta	a man is giving a guitar .
enta	a person gives a guitar .
8-150-8
neut	the man is preparing for a concert together .
neut	a man is playing for another man
cont	the man is walking around .
cont	the man does n't like his guitar on the street .
cont	a clown rides a skateboard down the street .
cont	the man is making cotton candy
enta	a man is using his guitar to a crowd .
8-150-16
neut	a man thinks for a guitar guitar for a friend .
neut	a person looking at art and he is about to play
cont	a man is uncomfortable at mcdonald 's 's guitar .
cont	a man watches a bird play .
cont	the guy was holding the piano .
enta	a man is playing guitar .
enta	there is a man writing along a guitar .
8-150-32
neut	there is a man speaking to a note sign .
neut	the man was playing and happy at his daughter
neut	a man is talking to the other guitarist
cont	the man does n't know at a new concert .
cont	a man is eating at all with the child .
cont	a man takes on a basketball court .
enta	a man looks into the street behind a guitar .
enta	a man holds a musical instrument .
enta	a man stares at the people next to .
8-150-147
neut	the man is performing for a famous concert .
cont	a man hates to knit a shirt on the floor .
enta	there are two groups of thirty people .
enta	a man is touching a guitar with guitar .
6-150-8
neut	the tall person stands in front of the band
cont	the women sits on the couch in a chair
cont	the women sits on the bench watching the game
cont	the men have a guitar in a kitchen .
enta	the guy was playing guitar with the guitar .
enta	the guy stands in front of a guitar .
enta	an adult is holding a guitar and looks on
7-150-8
neut	a guy is practicing for an upcoming performance .
cont	woman painted the guitar on a computer
cont	the guitar was eating the man
cont	a woman is sleeping out on a house
cont	the two other is on their way from a building .
enta	a guitarist is acting with a friend on .
9-226-8
neut	the man is playing an instrument while wearing sunglasses .
neut	a man is getting ready to perform .
cont	the man is at a table with his eyes closed .
cont	the guitar is asleep .
cont	a dog is chasing another man
enta	a man is listening to his guitar .
enta	a person is holding a microphone .
a woman with brown hair , black jacket , large black sunglasses , and pink scarf walking down the street .
8-150-2
neut	the woman is wearing a hat .
neut	a woman walks down the street to her home .
neut	the woman is going to the store in the rain .
cont	the woman is wearing a red jacket and black sunglasses .
cont	a woman sitting on a bench .
enta	a woman is walking down the street .
enta	a woman is outdoors .
enta	a woman is walking down the street with dark hair .
enta	a woman is walking .
8-150-4
neut	a woman walking home from work .
neut	a young lady walks down the street with her friends .
cont	a woman sits on a bench .
cont	the woman is sitting down .
cont	a man is walking down the street .
enta	a woman is walking outside .
enta	a woman is walking down the street with her hair in her hand .
enta	a woman is wearing a black scarf and a black scarf .
enta	a woman walking down the street .
8-150-8
neut	the woman was walking towards the street .
neut	the woman being very .
neut	a woman is walking to her job and walking to work .
cont	the woman is swimming .
cont	nobody is running .
enta	a woman walks in the street .
enta	a woman is crossing the street .
8-150-16
neut	a woman is leaving an to impress .
neut	a woman is pushing a seat to get work .
neut	a woman breaks on the street in her favorite scarf .
cont	the man is wearing a cowboy hat
cont	the woman is not wearing a tan jacket .
cont	a woman sleeping on a couch inside .
enta	a woman in clothes walks outdoors .
enta	a woman is wearing a scarf outside .
8-150-32
neut	a young woman is walking down the street in front of his house .
neut	a woman wears her new necklace shoes .
cont	a man does n't find a stick .
cont	a woman is laying on the hill .
enta	a woman walking down the street
8-150-147
neut	woman talking in front of a busy city street
cont	the woman is stealing ice cream down .
cont	a woman in her swimsuit shorts and dark pants on .
enta	a woman wearing glasses and a pink shirt is walking down the street .
6-150-8
neut	an asian woman in black and pink dress
neut	the lady walks to the store looking down
neut	the lady walks to the store in the street
cont	one woman in black shirt walks a dog
cont	the guy was wearing a black and suit
cont	an elderly man wearing black and pink sunglasses .
enta	the lady has a black scarf and sunglasses
enta	the women were wearing black clothing and white .
enta	the women walks down the street in sunglasses
7-150-8
neut	some women are walking along yellow rope .
neut	at least three woman are walking through a busy city .
cont	the shirt is no sunglasses
cont	a woman is sleeping around a campfire outside .
cont	all black woman is taking pictures of the road .
cont	a woman is racing each other
enta	a lady in a blue scarf is .
enta	a female person walking along her sunglasses .
enta	an lady is holding the camera .
9-226-8
neut	the sad woman is walking down the street to get a stroll .
neut	a sad woman walks down a city street
neut	the woman is very cold out
cont	a woman reads the newspaper on a bench .
cont	a woman reads down her hospital .
cont	the woman wearing a black dress is taking her nap on the couch .
enta	a woman walks past the street with a tan bag .
a woman with a purple purse sits on the metro with her suitcase .
8-150-2
neut	a woman is sitting on a bench .
neut	a woman is waiting for someone .
cont	a woman is sleeping in bed .
cont	the woman is sleeping .
cont	a woman is on the bus .
enta	the woman is on the street .
enta	a woman is outside
8-150-4
neut	a woman is going to a party
neut	the woman is waiting for her mom to come out of the car
neut	a women is waiting for a bus at the airport .
cont	a woman is sleeping in a bed .
cont	a woman is at the beach .
cont	a woman is walking through the airport with her backpack .
enta	there is a woman sitting .
enta	a woman sits on a subway with a backpack .
8-150-8
neut	a lady is waiting for a train
neut	a woman in a purple purse is watching the cab cab .
cont	a woman throws a purse .
cont	a woman is holding a black purse on the floor .
cont	a woman washes in her car .
enta	a woman with a purple purse holds her bag .
8-150-16
neut	a woman is about to go on a busy bus
neut	a woman wears a shopping shopping for her cellphone
cont	a woman is playing golf indoors .
cont	the woman is alone in her shopping with her suitcase .
cont	the woman has no hands on her way
enta	a person has their suitcase on the subway .
enta	the woman carries a purse outside .
8-150-32
neut	a woman with her purse is sitting on many holiday day .
neut	a mother wants to fix her backpack and wants to fit .
cont	the woman is inside her home and watch television .
enta	a woman holding her purse sitting on a transit .
8-150-147
neut	a old woman is working at nighttime
neut	a woman is carrying a tire to sit .
cont	a woman is making a snacks snacks .
cont	a man is flying a low down view .
cont	a woman is running away at the hotel .
enta	the woman has a purse .
6-150-8
neut	the tall person has something in the rain
cont	this the man with the cold is sitting .
cont	the boys sit on the bench watching the game
cont	the women sit on the bench at the park
enta	the female sits on the city in bag
enta	the lady sits on the transit with her
enta	the lady with the suitcase sits on rail
7-150-8
neut	the lady was with her shopping forms .
neut	a small child monitoring for her husband outside .
cont	a women is carrying fruit to a house
cont	a lady is sitting at a desk .
enta	the woman watches the lady with clothes
enta	a person is out while a woman .
9-226-8
neut	a woman is about to get off the bus .
neut	the woman is a wooden train .
cont	the lady is running around a park in the park .
cont	a woman does n't like her bag in a kitchen .
enta	a person is looking at the sky .
a boy in a colorful hat and red shirt holding a green seed at the beach .
8-150-2
neut	the boy is at the beach with his family .
cont	a girl with a green shirt .
cont	a boy is in a blue hat .
cont	a boy is sitting on a couch .
cont	a boy is wearing a black hat
enta	a boy in a colorful hat and red shirt holding a green shirt
enta	a boy is holding a green shirt .
enta	a boy is outside .
enta	a boy is outside .
8-150-4
neut	the boy wearing the hat was very happy .
neut	boy is trying to get a ball
cont	a boy is holding a blue shirt and a green hat
cont	a boy plays with a ball of yarn .
cont	a boy is laying on the beach .
enta	a young boy holds a book at the beach .
enta	the boy wearing the hat is wearing a hat .
8-150-8
neut	a boy holds his pet in the ocean .
neut	the boy is asian .
cont	the barefoot boy holds a cat .
cont	the boy is naked
enta	a boy is behind an object
enta	a boy in a light hat stands at the beach
8-150-16
neut	the boy is protesting to the beach
neut	a boy is wanting to get to the beach .
neut	the boy is taking a swim .
cont	a dog is scuba diving .
cont	a boy is holding a cup of coffee on his hands .
cont	a boys is chasing a black cap with a green hat .
enta	a boy is wearing a hat that are on the beach .
8-150-32
neut	the boy is holding a oak pool .
neut	the boy had a sweatshirt because he is happy .
neut	a boy in red and orange uses the beach waves .
cont	the boy is inside a woman 's hand .
cont	a boy is sleeping on a bench .
cont	a boy and girl are hanging out in the ocean .
enta	a boy in a green hat is holding a bright chair .
enta	a boy carries in the beach .
8-150-147
neut	the boy is holding a tall hole and is bad .
neut	the boy is boring catch into the water .
cont	a boy is sweeping a tree alone .
enta	there is a boy at the beach
6-150-8
neut	the boy was holding the green hat 's hat
neut	the boy wearing the hat has just to work
neut	the boy wants to be his friend
cont	the boys were playing in the park .
cont	an adult in a black shirt is running
cont	the boy was playing with toys in the snow
cont	an old man holding a shirt and red
enta	the kids were playing with the green hat outside
enta	the boy was holding the top of the beach
enta	the boy holds the green hat and a hat
7-150-8
neut	a boys is holding an crowded day .
neut	a boys is smiling holding snow
cont	a clown is waving at the small crowd .
cont	a little girl laying the ice cream cone
cont	a boy is eating pizza from the fireplace .
cont	the young boy is sitting inside working .
enta	a child is looking at the green water .
9-226-8
neut	a child has a good waiting for the first time of their vacation .
cont	a little boy is sleeping at the park
cont	a girl is doing homework
cont	a boy is reading a book .
enta	a person holding something
a volleyball player hitting a ball on the beach .
8-150-2
neut	the player is a professional player .
neut	a woman is playing volleyball on the beach
neut	a girl is playing volleyball on the beach in the park .
cont	the volleyball player is playing soccer .
cont	a volleyball player is sitting on the ground .
cont	a volleyball player is playing baseball .
enta	the volleyball player is playing volleyball .
enta	someone is playing volleyball .
enta	a volleyball player is outside .
enta	there is a volleyball player playing outdoors .
8-150-4
neut	the volleyball player is about to win a game
neut	a player is about to win a volleyball game .
neut	a volleyball player is trying to win a game .
cont	a man is playing volleyball at the park .
enta	the volleyball player is playing a game .
enta	a volleyball player playing a game .
enta	the player is on the beach .
8-150-8
neut	a middle player is wearing a black and black jersey .
neut	a woman hits a volleyball ball for her family .
cont	a volleyball player is driving a car .
cont	someone is playing a game of golf at home .
cont	the person is playing tennis
cont	a basketball player plays the drums .
enta	an animal running on the beach .
enta	a ball goalie is having a ball
enta	a volleyball player is pitching outdoors .
8-150-16
neut	a tall woman hitting a volleyball
neut	the volleyball game is big for the team .
cont	the athlete is professional baseball polo .
cont	a basketball player is sitting on a couch and watching a movie .
cont	a woman catching up the bus in a competition .
enta	a player is putting a ball .
enta	the person hitting a ball .
8-150-32
neut	a tall kid hits a ball on the beach .
neut	a skater in team will team fails the cliff .
neut	a man has just swimming and getting the ball .
cont	a basketball player lifting the ball of children .
cont	the softball player is running on the beach
cont	a player in a basketball game
cont	a basketball player standing on the beach .
enta	a player is being put in the water .
8-150-147
neut	a gymnast is about to third playing a game of golf .
neut	two male players play a game of friends .
cont	a tennis player being swinging in the middle of a beach .
cont	a man burning in the sand .
cont	scuba person jumping into a golf racket .
cont	a blonde person is playing cards in the gym .
enta	a volley hits is relatively on the beach .
enta	a guy playing a sport in the sand .
6-150-8
neut	the player just got the ball the ball
neut	the player just got a ball in the sand
cont	the player was running a marathon in winter
cont	the player was running a marathon on a beach .
cont	the player throws the ball in his backyard .
cont	the boy sat on the beach in bed
enta	the player just got a ball on the beach
enta	the man has a ball on the beach
enta	the player was playing volleyball on the beach outside
enta	an athlete throws the ball on the beach outside
7-150-8
neut	the people and the volleyball player are quietly
neut	someone was a orange is jersey .
cont	the volleyball player is standing together
cont	the volleyball player is standing up .
cont	the volleyball players was jumping for food
enta	a person points to the beach volleyball
9-226-8
neut	a volleyball player is running to get the ball
neut	a volleyball player wins score the ball
neut	the volleyball is a woman
cont	a man is kicking somebody 's vegetables .
cont	the volleyball player is eating a dish .
enta	a volleyball player hits on the ground .
enta	a volleyball player is on the ball while playing volleyball outdoors .
enta	a volleyball player hits the ball
people are gathered by a tree beside a line of white tents .
8-150-2
neut	a group of people are gathered for a concert .
neut	people gather to be a good time to see a tree .
cont	the people are watching a movie in the hall .
cont	the people are sitting in a chair
enta	there is a tree on the ground .
enta	the people are gathered by a tree .
enta	the tree is on the tent .
enta	the people are gathered by a tree .
8-150-4
neut	they are waiting for the bus .
neut	people are gathered in a park .
neut	the people are getting ready to go outside .
neut	a group of friends enjoy a walk to a party .
cont	the tree is on the ground .
cont	people are eating lunch .
cont	a single person walks alone
enta	the people are holding something .
enta	people are gathered .
enta	people are near a tree .
enta	people gather by a tree .
8-150-8
neut	a family at a park .
cont	the people are driving a bus .
cont	a group of children are playing with a ball in the park .
cont	the people are underwater in the pool .
cont	the trees are not being seen by people
enta	people walk near a tree .
enta	the group is standing
8-150-16
neut	people are gathered for food in a line .
neut	the people are waiting in line for a event .
cont	people getting on a bus stop .
cont	the people were standing on a boat in the middle .
enta	humans standing
enta	there are people gathered by the tree .
8-150-32
neut	the toilets are going to feed people
cont	people are gathered at a ship .
cont	the building has no people on the road .
cont	children have opposite wonderful each other inside .
enta	there is someone standing on a trees trunk .
8-150-147
neut	the people are hard from cards of their garden .
neut	the crowd of people are waiting for the road to meet .
neut	people are meeting to a big picture .
cont	some people fight at the library .
cont	the group in a protest are performing inside .
enta	people are standing at the tree tree .
enta	a couple of people watch something from the tree .
6-150-8
neut	the couple waiting to go to a party
neut	the tall person is sitting on his chair
neut	the women were just talking in the tree
cont	the dogs were in the park eating lunch
cont	the boys sit in the middle of grass
cont	a single person is at the beach outside
cont	an empty of are gathered by the tree
enta	an empty path is being held by people
enta	the men gathered by a tree in a line
7-150-8
neut	a crowd looks beautiful the tree on tents .
neut	a bunch of people wearing the tree house
neut	a family is being helped for a woman .
cont	a family are eating in white .
cont	a family is wearing a business suit .
cont	everyone is fixing the tree while wearing a helmet
cont	the white man is going the snowman
enta	humans looking on their heads tents .
9-226-8
neut	tourist are having a picnic
neut	people are about to enter the tree for the tree .
neut	they are resting after a tree .
neut	a crowd of people are standing under their tree limbs for money .
cont	nobody is playing tug
enta	people are near some objects
enta	humans are outdoors
enta	people gather for some outside
a band is playing on stage at a concert and the attendants are dancing to the music .
8-150-2
neut	the band is playing for a large crowd
neut	the band is playing for a crowd .
neut	the band is playing for a large crowd of people
cont	a group of people are sitting on a bench .
cont	a group of people are sitting on the ground .
cont	no one is dancing .
enta	a band is playing in a concert .
enta	there is a band in a band playing on stage .
enta	a band is performing .
enta	a group of people are dancing .
8-150-4
neut	the band plays the trumpet in the festival .
neut	a band of men and women are dancing on stage
cont	the band is sitting outside playing on the stage .
cont	a band is taking a nap in the park .
enta	there are a band playing music .
enta	a band is performing
enta	there is a band in this picture .
enta	a band plays an instrument .
8-150-8
neut	there are three band band .
neut	there is a band performing for an audience .
cont	an orchestra playing in the concert hall .
cont	a band is resting at the beach at the park .
enta	some stage the stage are playing music .
enta	the dancers are performing music outside .
enta	a band plays on stage with the band .
8-150-16
neut	a rock band is playing for a large crowd together
neut	the band is playing a song for the audience .
cont	a jazz performance sleeping on the grass .
cont	an orchestra plays an activity .
enta	a band band in a concert .
enta	the band in band playing are outside a musical performance .
enta	several people are watching something .
8-150-32
neut	the guitar player is performing for the crowd .
neut	a band plays for the street show are a group of people .
cont	the band is on the ground
cont	the band is playing at church
enta	there are palm is singing at the concert .
enta	a band of their band playing music together .
8-150-147
neut	the visitors is well of new band to dancing .
cont	the man is performing a listening of the concert .
cont	a band performs playing volleyball .
enta	a band is being singing by each other .
enta	a band is dancing music in front of a band .
enta	a group is singing in stage .
6-150-8
neut	the man likes to play the song outside .
neut	an old band performs in front of people .
neut	the couple just got a rock in band
cont	an orchestra playing the accordion in a concert .
cont	the man sits in the park on the stage
cont	the boys sit in the park on stage
cont	the girls plays the guitar in a park .
enta	the crowd performs on stage at a concert .
7-150-8
neut	the band is holding their the score .
neut	the band had sex is following the concert
cont	a child rocks to a crowd
cont	a girl is standing with wood . .
cont	a band is drinking a bowl .
cont	a concert is playing the drums on a stage
enta	a person is playing music next .
9-226-8
neut	a man band on the stage for the concert .
neut	a band performs for an an band performance for the crowd
cont	a band is doing their day at the mall
cont	the band is playing on the street
cont	a band is playing basketball at the park
enta	a band is on stage playing music
enta	a band plays a game on stage .
enta	a group of people playing instruments and a stage musical .
a man painting in front of a storefront , his paintings are displayed .
8-150-2
neut	a man is painting a picture for his family at a museum .
cont	a man is sleeping in his bed .
enta	a man is painting in front of a store
enta	a man is painting .
enta	a man painting .
8-150-4
neut	a painting of a building is very very large .
neut	a man is painting a mural .
neut	a man likes his favorite sculpture for his friend .
cont	a man is sleeping in a crib
cont	a man sleeping on a couch in a park .
cont	the woman is painting a picture of the walkway .
enta	the man is working
enta	someone is painting outside .
enta	there is a man .
8-150-8
neut	the man is painting the children for dinner .
neut	the man is a construction worker .
neut	the man is painting a mural for a painting .
cont	a man is painting on a school bus .
cont	a man is taking a shower
cont	a man is washing his painting .
enta	a man with art is standing on the sidewalk .
enta	the man is painting in front of art .
8-150-16
neut	a painter is painting his mural of a class .
neut	the man is painting pictures before his favorite painting
cont	a man jumped on his playground .
enta	a man is painting
8-150-32
neut	a man painting the flowers on his wooden storefront .
neut	a man reads the attraction at a museum .
neut	the man took art with his statues taken in .
cont	a man is painting the window with an animal .
enta	a man is painting a building
enta	there is a guy painting a store .
8-150-147
neut	a man is painting a red shirt .
neut	a man is painting a picture of the same bank .
cont	a girl is swimming under the pool .
enta	a man painting at art .
6-150-8
neut	the man painting the street is very large
cont	the boy was painting a fence of a store
cont	an individual in front of an empty .
cont	the boy was painting a picture in line .
enta	the man paints the street is in front .
enta	the guy painting is painting by a man .
7-150-8
neut	he artist painting at the hotel .
cont	a person is cutting his dog
cont	one woman is looking for food at work .
cont	a person is looking for a cat .
enta	a human in a museum with art .
enta	the painting with art in a store
enta	a child has a a painting .
9-226-8
neut	a businessman is painting the outside at his local arts .
neut	a man is painting a large store for painting .
cont	a man is selling jewelry on a street .
enta	a man is in the middle of a house .
a woman in a yellow shirt seated at a table .
8-150-2
neut	a woman is waiting for her friend .
neut	a woman is waiting for her friend .
neut	a woman is sitting at a table in a restaurant .
cont	a woman is sitting on a couch .
cont	a woman is standing .
cont	a man is wearing a yellow shirt
enta	the woman is wearing clothing .
enta	a person in a shirt .
enta	a woman is on a table .
enta	a woman is wearing a yellow shirt
8-150-4
neut	a women is about to eat a meal at a restaurant .
neut	a young woman and a woman sit at the table .
cont	a woman is driving a car .
cont	a couple is watching a movie .
cont	the women is standing by the table .
enta	a woman with a yellow shirt .
enta	the woman wearing a yellow shirt is sitting at a table .
8-150-8
neut	someone is enjoying a cold day on the beach .
neut	a woman enjoying a lot of fun .
cont	the child is playing in the shower .
cont	the man is yelling at the drinks wine
cont	a woman is walking the gym .
enta	some people were outside a table .
enta	a woman is sitting on a bench .
enta	a woman near a table .
8-150-16
neut	a woman is at a restaurant
neut	the woman is practicing for a competition .
neut	the prostitute just finished in a bar with her husband .
neut	a female is talking at the dinner table .
cont	a dog is jumping in the air .
cont	a man looking at his cat
cont	the person is running to the camera .
enta	her of table
enta	a person watching a table
enta	a woman in a yellow shirt reads the table .
8-150-32
neut	a woman just married in the fall .
neut	a yellow is wearing a yellow shirt gathers for a woman .
cont	a man is sitting on his recliner , looking at him .
cont	a man is dressed in purple .
cont	a woman poses on the blanket
enta	a woman uses a table at a table .
enta	a woman waits on a table that is n't holding her eyes .
enta	the woman is checking with a table .
8-150-147
neut	a woman is skipping paper from a table .
neut	the woman is waiting for the man to go out .
neut	a woman is leaning at a table for her allowance .
cont	two ladies are walking down the street
cont	a woman is seated at a table with no tongue .
cont	a woman is opening a table by the ocean .
cont	a woman is running by a train .
enta	a woman is near a table .
enta	a woman is outside at table .
enta	the woman is looking at two vehicles .
6-150-8
neut	the women has a yellow shirt and gloves
neut	the women just a long day at work
cont	the couple sits on the couch and .
cont	the couple sitting in the park are empty
cont	the boy sits on the chair in the
cont	the lady sits in the middle of nowhere .
enta	the women sit at a table and outside
enta	an adult in a yellow shirt stands outside .
7-150-8
neut	a lady is selling an something .
neut	a woman just won the first time for something .
cont	a dog runs near the water holding .
cont	a lady is sleeping in her bed outside .
cont	a teacher is enjoying a nice the park .
cont	a women is eating a steak outside .
enta	a women in yellow shirt wearing a shirt .
9-226-8
neut	a woman is familiar about her family .
neut	the lady is a waiter
cont	a woman sits on the couch reading a book .
cont	the woman is sitting at home next to her husband .
cont	a man sits at home on his subway .
enta	while at a woman standing in a room
enta	a person wearing clothes is sitting on the floor .
a crowd of people are standing against a railing .
8-150-2
neut	the people are waiting for the bus .
neut	a group of people are waiting for a friend .
neut	people waiting for a bus .
neut	a crowd of people are standing against a railing to get to work .
cont	a man is playing with a dog .
cont	a man sits on a bench drinking coffee .
cont	the people are watching a movie in the living room .
enta	people are standing against a railing .
enta	the people are standing
enta	a crowd of people standing together .
enta	there is a crowd of people standing outdoors .
8-150-4
neut	two people are trying to get a shirt
neut	the people are going to work .
neut	the people have their picture taken for a party .
cont	the people are watching a movie .
cont	a girl is dancing .
enta	the people are standing outside .
enta	people are against a railing .
enta	there are people standing
8-150-8
neut	the group of people walk home from the parade .
neut	the crowd of people are tired .
cont	a crowd of people sit and play the game of cars .
cont	a man stand in front of his family at the bar .
enta	the crowd stands together
enta	some people are in front of a railing .
8-150-16
neut	a crowd of people are having fun in front of an area .
cont	there is a group of people silent .
enta	some people are behind each other while waiting .
enta	a crowd of people wait up a railing
8-150-32
neut	the people are taking their way to read
neut	these people are protesting on a railing .
neut	the crowd is cheering for their wives to the other one .
cont	people are sitting on a field
cont	a man and shorts are riding out of a street .
cont	a crowd of people eat each other 's uniform .
enta	a group of people are standing in outdoors .
enta	a humans came into the water
8-150-147
neut	the men are taking a picture for photos .
neut	all enjoy students are walking down the street
neut	people are standing in front of a streetlight shuttle .
cont	the new group of people are jogging around the doctor .
cont	the crowd is a cat standing by himself .
cont	the no people are standing out in the group .
cont	a group of people look on at the store .
enta	people are gathered in a outdoor area .
6-150-8
neut	the man likes to go to the store
neut	the man stands on the railing at the pool
cont	the boys were playing in the park outside .
cont	the man stands on the railing with the railing
enta	the crowd of people standing against the railing outside .
enta	the crowd stands against the railing and railing
enta	an event a railing , a crowd stands .
enta	an individual in the crowd is standing .
7-150-8
neut	these people are celebrating the their birthday .
neut	a lot of people are wear a skirt outside .
neut	the railing have one of the blue railing .
cont	the two males ran towards a fire security .
cont	some men are climbing the house for work .
cont	the group of people set playing ball outside .
enta	the railing were standing in front of something
enta	humans stand against a crowd outside .
enta	a crowd of people are holding the instruments
9-226-8
neut	a crowd of people are on a large city
neut	a group of people waiting their class to the library .
cont	the crowd of people running down the street .
cont	the crowd of people are sitting down on the sidewalk .
cont	an indoor group of people are protesting on the ground .
cont	the crowd of people are sitting in a dark room
enta	the crowd of people outside are waiting .
enta	some people are standing outside in a crowd .
enta	there are people standing outdoors .
a man is throwing water on a woman in front of a brick building while two men and another woman watch .
8-150-2
neut	the woman is throwing a ball at the other men .
cont	the woman is throwing a football in the street .
cont	a man is throwing a ball at another man .
cont	the people are playing basketball .
enta	the people are outside .
enta	the people are outside .
enta	there are people in front of a building .
enta	a man and two men are throwing water .
8-150-4
neut	women are about to make a picture .
neut	a man and woman are playing a game .
cont	a man and woman are watching tv .
cont	men with no one of them get ready to go swimming .
cont	the man and woman are sitting in a restaurant .
enta	two people watch a man
enta	some people are outside .
enta	people are throwing water
8-150-8
neut	a man is showing his fear to a woman and his wife
neut	a man is preparing to hit a magic in an important ceremony .
cont	a woman eats water after a long school bus .
enta	a woman is holding a woman who is an adult
enta	the men are on a street .
enta	a man is making some water with a woman
8-150-16
neut	tall people exercising .
cont	there are several men in the hospital .
cont	a woman eating a pie while man reading .
cont	a woman plays drums in front of a crowd .
enta	a woman is being safe by another person .
enta	one person is thrown water .
enta	two people in front of a building were on the building .
8-150-32
neut	a man is making a woman a fist after playing .
neut	a group of first picnic class goers making some water
cont	two people participate by a fire .
cont	two boys are being time to each other .
enta	a boy is sitting while her two people were nearby .
enta	one person is cleaning .
enta	thre are staring on people in front of a building .
8-150-147
neut	a man holds a woman as the sun window on it .
neut	the two men are out for the woman who is hitting .
cont	a man and woman are flying a kite .
enta	there is a woman helped a man in front of the roof .
enta	a woman and her men are outside playing .
enta	a man and a woman are playing with water .
6-150-8
neut	the couple enjoying the summer day going together
neut	the tall man is playing fetch with the man
cont	the man sits in the middle of a building
cont	the men sat in the park on the sidewalk
cont	the man and woman are playing basketball .
cont	the man sits in the middle of years
enta	the women throwing water on another person with water
enta	the couple standing next to the building are outside
7-150-8
neut	a couple is preparing out a man
cont	the band is taking on the beach
cont	a cat chases at the small house .
cont	the couple are skating on ice .
enta	a couple is twirling water with a woman
enta	the two woman in front of two females
enta	a couple in water deep the building
9-226-8
neut	two of are two people are throwing a man to work with their parents .
cont	some people are walking on the sidewalk near a man in the middle of the
cont	a man and woman are talking in the park
cont	he is not wearing a green apron
cont	the man and woman are in a car .
enta	a person and child are on a smoke .
enta	man throwing water covered in front of two women .
enta	a group of women are standing around near a man 's face .
two guys are on a baseball field and one is about to hit the base.a group
8-150-2
neut	the guys are playing baseball on the field
neut	the men are wearing red shirts .
cont	the men are sitting in a car
cont	two men are playing basketball .
cont	the men are playing basketball .
enta	there are two men on a baseball field .
enta	two guys are playing baseball .
enta	two guys are on a baseball field
enta	a man and a men are playing baseball .
8-150-4
neut	two guys are trying to win the game .
neut	the two guys are playing baseball for the crowd .
neut	the two guys are playing a game .
cont	two people on a bus , and they are driving .
cont	people are playing basketball in a field .
cont	two guys are playing a game of basketball .
enta	the guys are near a field .
enta	two guys are near a field .
enta	two guys are at a baseball field .
8-150-8
neut	the men is doing a cannon ball .
neut	a boy is ready to hit a baseball
neut	the guys are standing in a field during a game .
cont	the two boys were in the basketball game
cont	the girls are in their home and play a sport .
cont	the couple sits quietly in the living room .
enta	a man stands with a group of people .
enta	two men with a group of men are performing .
8-150-16
neut	a couple of guys are watching the national game .
neut	the men are white from win
neut	the three men are a professional baseball player .
cont	two women wait together
cont	cars perform karate .
enta	two guys looking into the baseball field .
enta	a group of people gathered on the field with two guys on a field .
enta	there is a group of guys with the ball .
enta	a baseball players are holding the baseball .
8-150-32
neut	two guys watch the goal for their teammate
cont	two people walk to school .
cont	the wrestlers are playing on the bench .
cont	two people are sitting on a field mound beside a baseball field .
enta	there is activity from the stands
enta	people are playing a sports field .
8-150-147
neut	men are going to play a baseball game .
cont	two ladies are playing baseball in a field .
cont	two guys are sitting under the shade outside .
cont	two guys sit in a baseball field bowls .
enta	the boys are balancing .
enta	two men are near a baseball team .
enta	there are two guys on a baseball field .
6-150-8
neut	the men were playing baseball with the ball
neut	an asian man and two men are playing
neut	the tall person is holding the a cup
cont	the dog sleeps on the couch at home
cont	the man sits on the ground in a park
enta	the men have the same time on the field
enta	the guys were on a field in it
7-150-8
neut	the two guys on the same team team
cont	a guy is sitting down his basketball game .
cont	a baseball player is drinking from a car .
cont	the old man is very shirtless .
enta	the field is being held for hit .
9-226-8
neut	the two guys play in the park for a photoshoot .
neut	the men are wearing helmets .
cont	two men play a game of tennis .
cont	the men are playing on the beach
cont	the guys are playing basketball on the court
cont	two people are playing baseball in a gym .
enta	a group of men talking in front of another baseball game .
enta	the two men are on a baseball .
a woman is cleaning an outdoor pool .
8-150-2
neut	a woman cleaning an outdoor pool for a picture .
cont	a woman is sleeping .
cont	a woman is in the middle of the ocean
cont	the woman is in the middle of the ocean
enta	a woman is outdoors .
enta	a woman is in a pool .
8-150-4
neut	she is fixing the pool .
cont	a woman is sleeping on the couch .
cont	the woman is taking a shower .
cont	a man is dancing in a field .
enta	a woman cleaning an outdoor pool .
8-150-8
neut	the water is a raw .
neut	the woman is using a sweater .
neut	a woman taking a break in a pool .
cont	the man is grilling at the beach
cont	a woman is baking cookies .
enta	a woman cleans a pool pool .
8-150-16
neut	the woman is cleaning for her favorite swim .
neut	a lady cleaning a pool to play with someone .
cont	an angry woman is riding a horse .
cont	a woman is planting an open water fountain .
cont	a woman is cooking food in a restaurant .
enta	a woman is using a pool .
enta	a woman is cleaning to the pool
8-150-32
neut	the woman is a janitor who is working outside .
neut	a woman grew to make a swimming pool .
neut	a woman cooks at a pool while it 's sunny
cont	a woman is crawling from a pool .
enta	she is cleaning an outdoor pool .
8-150-147
neut	a woman is cleaning something for the money .
cont	the woman is in the cafe .
enta	a woman is fixing an pool
enta	a woman is cleaning an fountain .
6-150-8
neut	the female cleans at the pool is a girl
neut	the sad woman cleaning a pool to work
neut	the lady cleaning the pool to get the water
cont	an old woman is eating lunch in her kitchen
enta	an individual is sitting in the pool while cleaning
enta	an individual working at the pool is cleaning
7-150-8
neut	a sad woman is washing dishes
neut	a shirtless woman is indoors at a convention
cont	a woman works in a small meeting .
cont	a women is eating pizza in a library .
enta	a person has a pool and his outdoor pool .
enta	a woman is preparing an outdoor water .
9-226-8
neut	a blonde woman is helping her new work .
neut	the woman is using a pool cue .
cont	a man is sleeping on the bench .
cont	a woman swims in a pool on the beach .
enta	a woman is inside cleaning air .
enta	the woman is cleaning
a boy is standing at the edge of a wave with the sun setting or rising in the background .
8-150-2
neut	the boy is trying to jump up the wave
cont	the boy is sitting on the beach .
cont	the boy is standing on the ground .
cont	the boy is sitting in the grass at the park .
cont	a boy is watching a movie .
enta	the boy is in the air
enta	a boy is standing outside .
enta	the boy is outside on a wave .
enta	the boy is on a wave .
8-150-4
neut	boy enjoying a day on the beach .
neut	a boy is waving a wave .
neut	the boy is trying to find his dog for the first time .
cont	a boy sits at a table
cont	a boy is eating a cake on the stove .
enta	a young boy is standing at the corner with a wave .
enta	a boy stands at the middle of a wave .
enta	a boy is standing at the face of a wave .
8-150-8
neut	a boy in the park plays the song of the wave .
neut	a young boy is getting ready to play a game of fetch .
cont	a boy is on a playground
cont	the boy is sleeping .
cont	a boy is watching tv
enta	a boy is ready to pose in the sun
8-150-16
neut	the dad is playing with their boy .
cont	boy in the park
cont	a girl stand on the water with her sun
cont	a girl stand in between an open track
cont	a girl is walking on the shore of a wave .
enta	a boy is standing on a wave
enta	a boy is standing by some lamp .
enta	the boy is standing on the wave .
8-150-32
neut	a boy in a city has a perfect day of his daughters
neut	the boy does her last near the stream
neut	a boy was standing outside to be hot diving with his mountains .
cont	the boy is inside reading a book .
cont	the kid is sleeping in the art .
cont	a girl is taking his afternoon down the river .
enta	a boy is stretching outside .
8-150-147
neut	a boy is going to bury a wave .
neut	a boy is excited and outside of the top of a school competition .
cont	a boy is standing on the beach with an empty wave .
cont	a boy is setting boxes at the beach .
cont	a kid is in a bathroom kicking pies .
enta	a boy is with a large wave .
6-150-8
neut	the boy likes to jump into the water
cont	the boy was in the middle of water
cont	the kids sit in the middle of the ocean .
cont	the boys jump into the air in the air
enta	the boys climbed the wave with a wave
7-150-8
neut	the young person is protesting toward something outside .
neut	a child works the photo for the ocean
neut	a boy is outdoors jumping on the board .
cont	this boy just is flying on the hill
cont	the boys is deep sea gear .
cont	the little boy is jumping on .
cont	one boy is sitting on his bed .
enta	a child is working on something through grass .
9-226-8
neut	a young child is watching a game of winter with his friends .
neut	the boy is near his house for a mountain
neut	a child stands in the rain to the bottom of the 4th of july .
cont	a boy plays in the ocean
cont	the little girl is dancing in her band
cont	a boy is ordering food at the restaurant .
cont	a girl in a bathing suit is painting .
enta	the person is near the ocean .
a man and a young boy are eating on a city sidewalk next to a cardboard box and a red shopping cart .
8-150-2
neut	a father and son are eating a meal .
neut	a father and son are eating dinner .
neut	a father and son are eating dinner .
cont	the boy is eating a sandwich at the park .
cont	a mother and son eating at a restaurant
enta	a man and a boy are eating on a city sidewalk .
enta	two boys eating on a city sidewalk
enta	two boys are eating on a city sidewalk
8-150-4
neut	a man is eating a son 's cart .
neut	a father and son eating a hot dog .
cont	a dog and his mother are running .
cont	two people are running through the field .
enta	a person is eating .
enta	the man and boy are eating on the sidewalk outside .
enta	a man is eating .
8-150-8
neut	the man is eating a cake .
neut	the boy and boy are eating lunch for the family .
cont	the family is at a bar .
cont	a man and a boy are playing poker
cont	a man and boy are having dinner in a restaurant .
enta	two people are eating .
8-150-16
neut	the boy and son are a family in a city .
neut	a man and child are eating some breakfast after a friend 's drive .
cont	the man is playing his mother .
cont	a lady and a young boy are sitting down to eat .
enta	the child is by the sidewalk with a red shopping cart .
8-150-32
neut	a boy is grilling the red stuff of stuff .
neut	a father and son eating on the sidewalk waiting for a friend .
neut	the adult and son are getting ready to use the phone .
neut	the couple are having a good time .
cont	a couple eat while the man sits at the door .
cont	a woman is feeding a banana that left on the ground .
cont	the male and boy are playing in the sand beach .
cont	a man is looking at people camp
enta	a person with a children cart
enta	a boy and a boy are eating on the sidewalk .
8-150-147
neut	a man is cooking some cake at a city busy .
neut	a brown-haired boy is eating some hot at the city .
cont	a man is playing with a dog .
cont	a boy and his boy are sitting under a pond .
cont	a man plays with an indoors field .
enta	the man is wearing a red and red unusual box .
enta	a boy and a young boy are in a shopping .
6-150-8
neut	the toddler was playing with toys and friend
cont	the boys sit in the park eating dinner .
cont	the dog was playing with its is running .
cont	the boys and the boy are playing golf .
cont	three people are sitting in the grocery store
enta	the boy sits next to the city sidewalk
7-150-8
neut	a children was getting his shopping for him .
cont	the two men is taking pictures to the river .
cont	the table car is driving on the street .
enta	the child has a red in .
enta	two man getting in a box .
enta	a child is wearing a line .
9-226-8
neut	the father is cooking a meal .
neut	the man is drinking coffee from his mom .
cont	a man pushes his young girl through a city street .
cont	the people are inside cooking .
cont	the man and child are playing baseball on the street
enta	there are man stuff on food
two hikers walk along a path adjacent to an old wall .
8-150-2
neut	the hikers are walking to the store .
neut	the hikers are walking to the store .
neut	two people walk through a park .
cont	the people are inside
cont	the people are walking on a dirt path .
cont	the people are sitting
enta	two hikers walk .
enta	hikers walk along a path
enta	two hikers walk along a path .
enta	the two hikers are outside .
8-150-4
neut	there are two hikers walking to their house .
neut	two people are walking to a restaurant to go to work .
neut	two men walking to the park to get to work .
neut	two people are walking at a park .
cont	the skiiers are sleeping on the couch .
cont	there are two people eating lunch .
cont	two people are sitting at the bar .
cont	the two hikers were riding their bikes .
enta	people are walking .
enta	there are two people walking .
8-150-8
neut	people are walking in france .
neut	hikers outside in a park .
cont	two people race down a dirt road .
cont	two people are riding a man .
cont	a bunch of fish is a lake
cont	two people having tea in the kitchen .
enta	two hikers are walking by a wall .
enta	two hikers are outside .
enta	hikers are walking together on a path .
8-150-16
neut	the two tourists are dating .
neut	the hikers were going to a church
neut	the two people are taking an exam .
cont	two basketball teams are at a wedding
cont	the two hikers are sitting down and watching football .
cont	two people drinking coffee .
cont	two hikers are driving down a street .
enta	two mountain hikers walk on a path .
8-150-32
neut	two high boats are doing their jobs life .
cont	two people are at the mall
cont	3 boats are hiking along a wooded walkway .
enta	two hikers walking along a rock wall .
8-150-147
neut	two dusk bikers are surrounded by asian wall .
neut	the hundreds 's tour guide walking earlier the graffiti .
cont	some men are running through the city platform .
cont	the hikers are racing each other during the big summer .
cont	scuba have walking on the path .
enta	two people are walking on a hill .
enta	a people of this air looks on an old wall .
6-150-8
neut	olympic above a path to get the old man
neut	the lady walking to the top of someone
neut	the men walking to the top of the wall
cont	the man is playing in the grocery store .
cont	no one came the wall to a wall
enta	the children walk along the path to the wall
enta	a couple is on a spot on the path
7-150-8
neut	a family sees an old wall moving outside .
neut	the old wall is being dirty .
cont	a couple of hikers are chasing a cat outside .
cont	one guy is taking a car .
enta	a couple is going cross the wall .
enta	a couple are walking two others outdoors .
enta	hikers are being put near a building .
9-226-8
neut	the hikers are walking at a park for a ride .
neut	two hikers are taking a hike .
cont	the hikers are inside a building .
cont	a couple rides a bike in the park .
enta	some men are outside
enta	a few hikers walking outdoors .
riot police are standing in the background while a young man with a red scarf covering his face is walking .
8-150-2
neut	the police are at a parade .
cont	two people are sitting in a car in the city .
enta	the people are standing
enta	there are people standing outside
enta	the people are standing
enta	the man is walking
8-150-4
neut	the police officers are trying to get a shirt for the police .
cont	the police are sitting on the couch
cont	police are sleeping on the couch
enta	the soldiers are standing .
enta	a group of people are moving .
enta	a group of people are watching a man and his face .
8-150-8
neut	a man on the police are waiting for a bus to get to the fire
neut	police officers are talking to a young man at the police station
cont	a naked child on an empty , truck
cont	the boy is cooking dinner in the school
cont	no one is part of a protest .
enta	several people wait at the cross of the fire .
8-150-16
neut	police are trying to get a new car
neut	the police are standing because they are going to a concert .
neut	he was tired from the crowd
neut	the team is taking their reunion
cont	one of the police is running in the yard .
cont	a man with flower guns is running in the middle of the street .
cont	the mountains are eating ice cream .
cont	a group of people are sitting at a movie outside .
enta	a group of people are photographing the military .
enta	group of police officers standing in the background
enta	many people are standing outside by their face .
8-150-32
neut	a janitor is going to get some law by the boss .
neut	the brother and son are at target
neut	one boy is walking to his car .
cont	some people push the head of a tree .
cont	the women sit quietly in the office .
cont	the indian woman in a yellow gorilla walking in a parade .
cont	military military procession in an open house and does n't work .
enta	a chief with something on his face walking .
enta	two male working members are walking near the city .
8-150-147
neut	a young police officers with jackets are walking to the airport .
neut	the police are flashing and look at it
cont	the people in the park are singing .
cont	the couple is on top of a room
enta	a police person is carrying a man .
6-150-8
neut	the police officer just got to the group
cont	the police officer is walking in a park
cont	the young girl has her face in the background .
cont	the young girl is playing in her living room
enta	an police officer walks by some fire .
enta	an old man with a top is walking
7-150-8
neut	a riot police are facing off the ground .
neut	a guy is arguing from a fire vehicle .
cont	the group is jumping over the bus .
cont	the young man are running towards others .
enta	the police officers are moving above others together .
enta	a person is making a person is entertaining art
9-226-8
neut	the police officer is taking a break from work with his guests .
cont	a man is sitting in the stadium .
cont	a man and a young boy are at the bar talking about the top .
cont	the young man is in a hurry to the field .
enta	the men are outdoors .
a man playing a unique violin while looking up at the ceiling .
8-150-2
neut	a sad man is playing a violin
neut	a man plays a violin for a crowd .
neut	a man is playing a violin in a band .
cont	the man is playing a guitar in a band .
cont	the man is playing the piano while his audience cheers .
cont	a man is sleeping in his bed .
cont	a man is sleeping .
enta	a man is playing a violin
enta	the man is playing a violin .
enta	a man is playing music .
enta	a human playing
8-150-4
neut	he is a singer .
cont	a man is sleeping on the couch .
cont	a man is sleeping in his bed .
enta	a man is performing .
enta	a man playing an instrument .
enta	he is playing violin .
enta	the man is making a violin .
8-150-8
neut	the man looking at a piece of blue hair is a man .
neut	the structure is a man and a woman .
neut	a man is trying to win his new cello into the ceiling .
cont	a boy trying to get a bath while watching tv .
cont	a man is asleep in his bed
enta	a man plays an instrument on the ceiling
enta	a man is going up the ceiling
8-150-16
neut	a man is playing a violin songs in a library .
cont	a man is dancing on the front road .
cont	a man cries after rock climbing on the beach .
cont	the man is playing drums
cont	the man fell asleep in his room at home with his phone .
enta	a man plays the violin
enta	a man is playing an instrument .
enta	a person plays a stringed instrument .
8-150-32
neut	the man is playing the studio of a huge projector bars .
neut	a man is playing an classic violin .
neut	a man is hanging the rings looking at the ceiling
cont	a worker tosses in wiring around the walls .
cont	a man is inside playing a local game .
enta	a men plays an instrument .
enta	a guy is playing instrument instrument .
enta	this man is an instrument .
8-150-147
neut	the person is with a country hat play .
neut	a man plays his recorder for a band play .
cont	the boy is quietly playing a game .
cont	a man plays the guitar in a park .
cont	a man is trying to run a tractor .
enta	a man is playing a cello .
enta	a man is playing an instrument .
6-150-8
neut	the guy playing the violin is a man
cont	the boy swims in the pool and reading
cont	the lady sits on the couch and .
enta	the guy is playing a violin in front
enta	the guy was playing a violin while looking
7-150-8
neut	a clown is playing on the violin from work .
neut	a child is at his cello
neut	a person performs on the way to work
cont	no one plays the instrument for .
cont	the group is diving up the stairs .
cont	a lady of other performing swim laps sitting .
cont	an elderly person is playing a saxophone
enta	a guy looks up at the instruments device .
9-226-8
neut	the man is at a fair
cont	a man is playing soccer in the snow .
cont	a man is putting a film on his laptop .
enta	the musician is performing music .
a man biting a candle while a woman holds a cake .
8-150-2
neut	a couple holding a candle to the birthday party
cont	the man is holding a baby in a fountain .
enta	a man is holding a candle
enta	the man is holding a candle
8-150-4
neut	a man and woman are having fun .
neut	two people are trying to get a birthday cake for a party .
cont	man sitting on a couch .
cont	the woman with the candle is made of juice .
enta	a man watches a woman .
enta	a man and a woman are holding a cake .
enta	a man and woman are together .
8-150-8
neut	a young man is standing in front of a woman 's birthday cake
neut	the man and women have a cake for their family .
neut	a little boy holds a candle and a woman and the woman is a success
cont	the man and woman are swimming across a lake .
cont	the man is cleaning his car inside the building .
cont	a man feeding a dog for a walk .
enta	a man with an bandanna is serving a woman
8-150-16
neut	a man is having his picture taken at a party .
neut	the man is touching the perfect birthday cake with his lady .
cont	a man is drinking a dog on the sidewalk .
cont	a man is dancing with friends
enta	two people bending a candle .
enta	couple found a cake
8-150-32
neut	a man is lost and she is given to it 's cold .
neut	a man is showing off his dish the woman 's kisses .
cont	a man sips out of her bread bread .
cont	a man wears a boxing hat .
enta	a man stands by her woman
8-150-147
neut	a man is about to shoot a women that can be seen .
neut	a woman and a lady are presenting the large popcorn .
cont	a woman is drawing a drawing of sticks .
enta	the he is outdoors and on a wrapping .
6-150-8
neut	the man and woman are a couple .
neut	the couple drinks the candle while the man watches
cont	the couple was sitting in a park .
enta	the couple was eating a candle while .
7-150-8
neut	a person is having a party in line .
neut	a couple makes the people breakfast
cont	the candles were the beer are soda
cont	the three is walking around a beach .
cont	a guy is trying to a a hamburger .
enta	a couple is dressed for work outside .
9-226-8
neut	a man is trying to sell the animal to buy a cake .
neut	a man is showing his boyfriend a cake for a cake .
cont	there is a group of women painting the cake .
cont	the woman drinks coffee .
enta	a person standing up with a woman .
a lady and a man are on stage dancing with flexibility .
8-150-2
neut	a lady and man are dancing to get to the concert
neut	the man and woman are dancing to a crowd of people .
neut	the husband and wife are dancing on stage .
cont	the stage is empty
enta	the lady and man are dancing together .
enta	a lady dancing
enta	a man and a woman are dancing with a man
enta	the lady and man are dancing
8-150-4
neut	people are dancing to their husband .
neut	a couple is enjoying a dance dance together .
neut	the woman and man are trying to get a good day to take a picture
cont	a man is eating a sandwich in a kitchen .
enta	a lady and a man are dancing together .
enta	two women are dancing .
enta	the man and woman are performing .
8-150-8
neut	a couple was dancing for the audience .
neut	some people dancing in a ballet performance .
cont	the man and woman are looking at the stars .
cont	two goldfish are riding bikes down the street .
cont	a man is drinking beer
enta	the group and people are performing on stage
enta	a man is on stage
enta	the lady performed with a man .
8-150-16
neut	a man dancing with the ocean party
neut	they are coworkers for the upcoming show .
neut	a married couple are dancing with each other
cont	the man and woman are racing in a race .
cont	the men are eating lunch together in the middle of the day .
cont	two men stand up in front of a concert .
enta	the lady and man are dancing with each other .
enta	the lady wearing her got dancing .
8-150-32
neut	a man lighting a flute for her party
neut	a husband and a man are dressed up
neut	a boy goes out at the festival with first of his band .
cont	the lady and the lady drink coffee
cont	the people are walking down the road
enta	a lady and this man are dancing with a person
enta	an athelete is performed of a man .
enta	there are on people on stage .
8-150-147
neut	a lady and wife are dancing at the concert .
neut	a woman is at a fair holding dress .
cont	a nude woman watching the big go towards the ceremony .
cont	a woman and kid is eating a sandwich .
cont	a man is trying to throw only a good of color .
enta	two people stand near their dress with their dance
enta	a woman is landscape with a music , and another .
6-150-8
neut	the women made a man for their wife
neut	the couple just a good time on stage
neut	an old lady is dancing with her friend
neut	an asian woman is dancing with the man
cont	three people are sitting in the living room
cont	the men and woman are sitting on the ground
cont	three people are sitting in the park eating lunch
cont	the men sit in the middle of fire .
enta	the women perform on stage in stage
7-150-8
neut	a child looks into the school dancing .
neut	three women is dance .
cont	a lady is working on her husband .
cont	a person is shopping for bed .
cont	the dance was old man on the stage
cont	a person is playing around cake
enta	the two are used of camera
9-226-8
neut	people are performing to music for money .
cont	the man and woman are standing at a table .
cont	a couple is at home on a bench
cont	a couple is sleeping and waiting for their throws to get into the building .
enta	some people are dancing on stage stage .
enta	a man and woman are standing under stage with others .
enta	the are two people are dancing on stage .
a young asian woman wearing modern clothing leans against a cast iron fence in front of a brick building .
8-150-2
neut	the woman is a professional
cont	a woman is sitting on a bench
cont	the woman is riding a bike
cont	the woman is riding a bike
enta	a woman is wearing clothing
enta	a woman is wearing clothing .
8-150-4
neut	a young asian lady paints a fence to get a tan
cont	the asian woman is cooking dinner .
cont	the woman is looking at a car .
enta	a woman is leaning against a fence .
enta	an asian woman is exercising in front of a building .
enta	a women is walking .
8-150-8
neut	an asian woman is wearing white jeans .
neut	the women sees her favorite friend .
cont	the young woman is sleeping
cont	a young asian woman is cooking a cake .
enta	a woman is taking a person out .
8-150-16
neut	an asian woman is squatting toward a high building .
neut	the female artist is going to school
cont	a woman looks at her teddy bear
cont	the young woman is cane in her bedroom .
cont	the woman is learning a book
enta	a woman wearing different clothes
8-150-32
neut	a woman is holding the huge pile with her family .
neut	a woman wears dark clothing so he can get home from work .
cont	a young woman is sewing her favorite shirt .
enta	a young woman shows something in front of a building .
enta	there are three female asian women wearing clothing .
8-150-147
neut	a woman is getting ready to be a doctor .
neut	the women is very large by young woman .
cont	a young man makes a circuit gun on the moon .
enta	the woman is wearing an shirt and with a large concrete fence .
enta	a young woman is hanging out of a building .
6-150-8
neut	the women just got done tricks on the fence
cont	an asian woman is jumping off a wooden fence
cont	the man stands on the ground on the ground
cont	the boy was listening to music in line .
enta	the young woman waits in front of the building
7-150-8
neut	a mother works as she on the job building .
cont	an asian woman is eating lunch
enta	a woman is helping a man outside .
9-226-8
neut	a middle lady stands with a blue fence and is wearing a dress and is
neut	a woman wears a yellow shirt
cont	the woman is standing up and standing on the ground .
cont	a group of asian asian older wearing player black tennis player are wearing shorts .
enta	a person is looking at the fence
enta	an asian woman is outside looking at something .
enta	a asian woman is standing outside of the building .
a man in a brightly colored vest performs on stage .
8-150-2
neut	a man is performing for a crowd of people .
neut	the man is performing for a crowd of people
cont	a man is wearing a black vest and eating lunch .
cont	a man is playing basketball .
enta	a man performs on stage .
enta	a man performing on stage .
8-150-4
neut	the man perform as a play .
neut	the man has a very large colored colored vest .
cont	a man is cooking in his kitchen .
cont	a man in a black vest plays the drums in a park .
cont	a man wearing a red vest is performing on a bus .
cont	the man is wearing a red vest .
enta	a man is performing on stage .
enta	a man is performing on stage .
enta	a man is play
8-150-8
neut	the man is practicing .
neut	a man on stage for his new stage .
neut	a man is practicing for a concert
cont	the lady is performing tricks
cont	the man is sleeping .
cont	men are running a marathon .
enta	a man is performing on stage .
enta	a human is wearing clothes .
8-150-16
neut	a man is about to go on a saturday .
cont	the band is asleep at home .
cont	the man is wearing a yellow hat
cont	a man is sitting quietly at their desk .
cont	a woman is eating
enta	a person talks to people in a bright colored bright colored vest .
enta	the man is a stage .
enta	a guy at a group .
8-150-32
neut	a homeless man is performing in the park .
neut	a man is performing 4th years in class .
cont	a man in black tank coat works on a building .
cont	the man fixes his white pig .
cont	a man in brightly a head and just somewhere on stage .
enta	a man is doing tricks on the stage .
enta	the man can perform with an instrument .
enta	a man plays music on stage performing .
8-150-147
neut	a man is being conducted by a track competition .
neut	a man is balancing a brush lot on stage .
neut	a man is acting on a stage for recital .
cont	the man is wearing a guitar shirt .
cont	a man is chasing a spiderman .
cont	a man is working on a nice tent .
enta	a male is playing by a man .
6-150-8
neut	the tall person performing in front of new york
neut	the man performs on stage in a park
neut	the tall person of a vest is performing .
cont	the guy sings in front of his house
cont	the men were sitting in the park eating lunch
cont	the boys were playing in the living room
enta	a human is doing something to play
7-150-8
neut	the performer was performing his front of tourists .
cont	the young girl in bright clothing sings the large group .
cont	everybody is with a running machine .
cont	a woman is looking at something outside .
cont	this guy sits doing his on the performance .
enta	the young person is on the stage .
9-226-8
neut	a man is performing for money
neut	a man in a band is performing for the crowd
neut	the man in the band is performing on the stage
neut	the man is doing his musical performance at night
cont	a woman is sitting down in her room .
cont	a man prepares to play with his dog in the park .
cont	a man is cooking the music on
enta	there is a stage that performs on stage
enta	a man is on the stage
a woman is holding one young children with another standing next to her while a man is sitting by a small campfire .
8-150-2
neut	a woman and her two children are at a parade .
neut	they are going to get a ride .
neut	a woman is holding her two young children at a park .
cont	two young children are playing in a park with a man in a kitchen .
cont	the man is sleeping
cont	two children are playing in the park .
enta	a woman is holding a child .
enta	the woman is holding a child .
enta	two people holding a man and a man .
8-150-4
neut	a woman and her children are waiting for the bus
neut	a man and his children are having fun .
neut	a young woman holds her children .
neut	people are at a party .
cont	a girl is eating lunch .
cont	the kids were playing with each other .
cont	the woman is dead .
enta	the woman is holding a young children
enta	a woman is sitting near a small present .
8-150-8
neut	a woman and her children are kissing their mother
cont	a woman and her child are riding a bike down the road .
cont	a woman and child are asleep .
cont	a woman and dog .
enta	the woman and children have the man .
enta	the woman is holding a child in her hand .
enta	there are a family near a man and a woman .
8-150-16
neut	the man and his kids are holding a woman at a park .
neut	a woman is showing her younger how to fix a harness .
neut	a group of people are enjoying the water at a festival .
cont	three artists and one man standing near a large garden .
enta	a woman has just with her kids
enta	there are three people holding a guy .
enta	there is an older human holding up people with each other .
8-150-32
neut	two children holds themselves against others while the family watches .
neut	a woman in her group of students watch two children sit together
cont	a woman sit on the bench at disneyland .
enta	a man is sitting on two children .
enta	three people are hanging out another person .
8-150-147
neut	the teachers and the children are waiting for the same close out .
cont	the woman and four boys are swimming around the pool .
cont	man with a cow are located in the pond .
cont	a woman and woman carry their legs in a pond .
enta	a lady smokes some two children .
6-150-8
neut	the man holds his children to the other child
neut	an elderly woman is looking for the children .
cont	the boys were playing with a small dog .
cont	the women were playing in the grocery store .
cont	the women sit in the middle of their bed
cont	the man sits in the middle of the
enta	2 kids and another child are with another child
7-150-8
neut	some people holding something to a friend .
neut	the man works a girl at the park .
cont	a bird jumps from a woman inside .
cont	a woman cooks in her white with flowers .
cont	one woman is walking holding a children .
enta	a couple of children are holding something the children .
9-226-8
neut	the mother is having a good time
neut	the woman sitting with her children and wearing a blue hat .
cont	an older woman playing tennis with her kids .
cont	a woman was watching the children play in the tree
cont	a woman runs down the road with her children while the men are eating .
enta	woman wears and kids
a woman building herself a sand castle .
8-150-2
neut	the woman is a professional .
neut	the woman is in a sand castle with her family .
neut	the woman is a professional sand castle
cont	a woman is sitting on a couch .
cont	a woman is sleeping in a bed .
cont	the woman is cooking food .
cont	a woman is cooking sand .
enta	a woman doing some sand
enta	a woman is working on the sand .
enta	a woman looks at a sand castle .
8-150-4
neut	the woman is wearing a dress .
cont	a man is laying on the couch .
cont	she is sleeping in a tent .
enta	the person standing in the sand near the sand .
enta	a woman looks at the water castle .
8-150-8
neut	person is waiting for her friend
neut	a lady is taking her red sand castle .
cont	a guy is preparing a child with his family .
cont	the woman is sitting on the corner .
cont	a woman is taking a nap on the sand .
cont	a woman scuba in the ocean .
enta	the sand castle is being painted .
enta	a woman by herself
8-150-16
neut	the woman is about to posed for the camera .
neut	a woman painting the sand yard .
cont	a woman is driving a car in the sand .
cont	a girl sitting in a chair .
cont	the woman is smoking her dog .
enta	a woman is using a sand castle .
8-150-32
neut	the woman likes the sand by the beach
neut	the female is getting ready to grab a friend 's sand castle .
neut	a woman is working at the sand castle to make a sand castle .
cont	a female is painting the garden .
cont	a woman with a scraped skirt is baking .
cont	the woman only swimming in the middle of the ocean .
cont	a woman is riding a scooter
enta	woman looking at a clearing .
enta	she of balancing can legs
enta	a woman is looking at a sand castle .
enta	a woman is selling sunny near the sand sculpture .
8-150-147
neut	a woman is looking at the branches for her wife .
neut	the woman is trying to do a fire sticks .
neut	a woman is blue before tile at the sand .
cont	the string are located in the mountains .
cont	a woman is standing with a fishing fishing .
enta	a woman is outside , cleaning the sun .
6-150-8
neut	the lady uses the sand castle to cook
neut	an old woman working on the sand castle outside
neut	the women were a long time is making cold
cont	the lady jumps into the water on the beach
cont	the couple standing in the sand are sitting down
cont	the boy sat in the lodge in silence
cont	the lady sits on the beach and crying
enta	the women were a building by a sand castle
enta	the women were a building by the sand
7-150-8
neut	a lady looking at her friend .
cont	a female is upset out an empty castle
cont	a child is laying under a tree .
cont	woman is cutting her own at hand .
enta	the lady 's sand castle the sand .
enta	the woman uses the sand
9-226-8
neut	a woman is splashing bubbles .
cont	a woman is inside .
enta	a woman is outside playing in the sand .
enta	a woman is outside in the sand .
enta	the woman seems outside
a group of people walk down a pedestrian only street in asia near large green trees and older brown buildings .
8-150-2
neut	the people are walking to the store
neut	some people are walking to the store .
neut	people walk down a road to get to work .
cont	a group of people are sitting in a car in the city .
cont	the people are sitting on the couch .
cont	the people are sitting in the grass .
enta	the group of people are walking outside .
enta	people walking
enta	some people are walking outside
enta	a group of people walk outside .
8-150-4
neut	the group of people are taking the walk home .
neut	a group of people are taking a break from work
cont	a group of people are eating a meal at the park .
cont	a man and a woman are eating lunch .
cont	a man sits alone in a field .
cont	some people are sitting .
enta	the group of people are walking .
enta	people are outside
enta	a group of people walk .
enta	a group of people are walking down the street .
8-150-8
neut	one people just had an activity .
neut	the cars walk towards the people are wearing blue clothing .
cont	the people are crawling
cont	the group of people are watching a movie on the street .
cont	people are laying down in the woods .
enta	the people walking the building .
enta	the building had people .
enta	several people are walking down a road
enta	a group of people walking in the road
8-150-16
neut	some friends went towards a long street .
cont	a group of people eat dinner
cont	these people were sledding in the woods .
enta	many people are out in the countryside of a building .
enta	people are outside walking .
8-150-32
neut	a large group are working to repair their truck
neut	the group of protesters walk to the nearby they had it got out of the
cont	the gang are at home watching television .
cont	a group of people chase the bank on a sunny day .
cont	a large group of people chase for a camp in the park .
enta	a group of people are walking outside .
8-150-147
neut	some people walking hanging in the middle of their building .
neut	a group of people are enjoying plans of the snow path .
cont	a group of people are sitting at a bus stop .
enta	people facing each other on a city street .
6-150-8
neut	the women walk to the store for money
neut	the man likes to buy the a sunset
cont	one man 's face is asleep in bed
cont	no one walking down the street in sight
cont	the boys were playing basketball with their friends
enta	group of people walking down a small road outside
7-150-8
neut	workers are headed for an busy fair .
cont	the boys are walking down the river to school .
cont	the girl is carrying running through the forest
cont	a people are skating on an empty street .
cont	the group of people can fight
enta	a child is with an object .
9-226-8
neut	there are people walking in the rain in the rain .
neut	a man is walking down the street to get to work .
neut	the group of people are walking to a camp and branches female .
cont	a group of people are watching a baseball game .
cont	there are people on the ground
cont	the people were running in a marathon .
enta	several people walk up a street .
enta	people are walking .
two men are cooking food together on the corner of the street .
8-150-2
neut	two men are cooking food for a party .
neut	two men are cooking food for a friend .
neut	two men cooking for a party out of the day .
neut	two men cooking food for a party .
cont	two women eat food at a restaurant .
cont	the men are eating dinner at the restaurant .
enta	two men are cooking food .
enta	the two men are cooking food .
enta	two men are cooking food for a food .
enta	the men are cooking .
8-150-4
neut	two men are making food for a dinner .
cont	two men are not cooking
cont	two men are working on a car with a cat
cont	a man and a woman are eating food .
cont	two men in a bar are cooking food at a restaurant
enta	two people are working outside
enta	two men make food .
enta	there were three men cooking food in the street .
enta	two men are grilling food outside .
8-150-8
neut	two friends in a street corner and they talk .
neut	two men are on vacation .
neut	three people are making food for their family .
cont	2 women are watching the food .
cont	there are shops available at the bar .
enta	the men are making food .
enta	two men make a meal
enta	there are two men cooking .
enta	three humans cook
8-150-16
neut	two gentlemen perform food up on the corner of a street .
neut	two great dogs cooking food
cont	men are on a boat that 's raining .
cont	they are studying in the office .
enta	a table is being built
enta	the two guys enjoy food .
enta	two men have food together on the corner .
8-150-32
neut	two men are talking to live together outside .
cont	two women are running on the beach .
cont	two people are sleeping in their mouths .
enta	two men really buying food .
enta	two men wear order while working together .
8-150-147
neut	men are drinking pancakes at a corner .
cont	men are drinking a dinner inside .
cont	two men are skydiving at a table .
cont	two men are drinking water under the street .
enta	two men are grilling food .
enta	these men are working in the street .
enta	two men are cooking food in front of a street .
6-150-8
neut	the men were working for an assembly .
neut	the friends stand in the middle of the street
cont	a couple is cooking dinner in an empty arena
cont	the women were playing basketball in the locker room
cont	the women were at the park in the city
cont	the men stand in the middle of a park .
enta	two people are on the corner of them
enta	the men cooking food in an open .
7-150-8
neut	men are serving food to breakfast
neut	the two people is police .
neut	a couple people cooking a hot meal .
neut	the guys can the street of house .
cont	the old man is skating on a chair .
cont	the two man is eating off the river .
cont	the two construction workers are walking down
enta	a person works at the food table .
enta	one men is cooking something in .
9-226-8
neut	they are hosting a cake on the street .
neut	two brothers were making a meal for their daily project .
cont	the two men inside the store
cont	two men on a phone is eating food .
cont	two men are eating pizza for their family .
enta	some men are on the street
enta	the men are on a street
enta	two people are eating food .
man is chopping wood and is about to be pushed over by another person .
8-150-2
neut	the man is a farmer .
neut	they are in a play
neut	the man is a farmer .
neut	the man is cleaning up with his wife .
cont	the woman has a hat .
cont	two women are playing with a toy .
enta	the man is cleaning wood and a person is pressing .
enta	someone is using a tool to make a piece of wood .
enta	the man is cleaning wood and a person is chopping wood .
enta	a man is cleaning .
8-150-4
neut	the person is sweating .
neut	one man is making a wood sculpture .
cont	the man and woman are at a bar .
cont	man is in a bar .
cont	the two people are sitting down .
enta	there are two men .
enta	there are two men in this picture
enta	the man has a wood .
8-150-8
neut	the man is treading wood in his driveway .
neut	the man is celebrating a birthday .
cont	a man and his dog are drinking coffee while a man watches .
cont	the man is sleeping on the ground
cont	the man is mopping the tree .
cont	the man is standing next to a van
enta	the man is making wood .
enta	a man cleans some wood
8-150-16
neut	the husband went his picture is not to be seen over
cont	a man is sledding on the hill .
cont	person is playing cards at a local restaurant .
cont	two women walk through an airplane .
enta	a man is looking over wood
enta	a man is bulldozing wood and another person .
8-150-32
neut	the guy is covering the large growing .
neut	a guy takes some wet wood for a grave .
cont	a woman puts dog to play
cont	the man is climbing a tree on his swings
cont	the man is pushes some metal in the over .
enta	a man is leaning look up .
8-150-147
neut	a man is checking his bill before apple fire .
neut	a man is using his painted to clean up the ceiling .
neut	an old man is cutting his wood looking from cans in a restaurant .
cont	a man is scooping tomato with a octopus .
cont	a man is brushing paper from a dog .
cont	a man in the middle kitchen leans with a black excavator .
enta	a man is planting dirt with another person .
6-150-8
neut	the man was chopping wood for a woman
neut	the couple prepares to go to a job .
neut	the old man is sitting on the wood
neut	the guy was a worker for a crowd
cont	the men standing in the park on the ground
cont	an individual of the truck is a man
cont	this group of people sit in a store
cont	the lady got a man in a car
enta	an athlete is wearing something in it
enta	a human is cleaning wood and a man .
7-150-8
neut	it 's well day time in a race .
neut	man trying is hungry for their wife .
cont	a naked man is drinking water outside .
cont	the two people at work fishing .
cont	some woman is throwing wood is around a tree
cont	three people are fixing up to the beach
enta	the wood man looks at the other person .
enta	a person has wood to a person .
enta	a guy has something a man that is pushed .
enta	a person being pushed off his wood outside .
9-226-8
neut	a man is training for a large canyon .
cont	the man is asleep in the park
cont	the woman his hands out of the tree
cont	a man chopping down the tree in the middle of a hot dog .
enta	a person has just ears up something is watching .
enta	a man is pointing towards liquid
two women on the dance floor with other people dancing .
8-150-2
neut	women dance in a band together .
neut	a couple of women dance to a crowd of people dance .
neut	the two women are dancing to a crowd of people .
cont	a man and a woman are dancing in a bar .
cont	two women dance on the street .
enta	there are two women dancing
enta	two women dance together .
enta	there are people dancing .
enta	two women are dancing together
8-150-4
neut	two women are dancing to music in the crowd .
cont	two men on a stage .
cont	two women are eating lunch .
cont	two women are sitting on a stage .
enta	two women dancing
enta	two women are dancing .
enta	women are dancing in a dance .
8-150-8
neut	the women are dancing for a competition .
neut	two friends are performing their new dance floor .
cont	women and a woman are walking in the sand .
cont	the men are learning to play music .
cont	no one is dancing to the crowd .
cont	the woman and a man are sitting quietly in class .
enta	there are two women dancing
enta	two women being photographed with others on a piece of stripper
8-150-16
neut	the women have live for an audience .
cont	the guys are practicing their football teams .
cont	two men watch a football game .
enta	people dancing while holding dance .
8-150-32
neut	a karate women are dancing for people at a nearby .
neut	the women are getting ready to dancing
neut	two people are dancing during a wedding .
cont	two people watch from the man do nothing .
cont	there are ten of people dead .
enta	two women ride in front of people .
enta	there are people by a bunch .
enta	a group of women sit on a dance floor together .
8-150-147
neut	people are watching some people said he instead .
neut	three women are performing for one of audience
neut	two women racing the dance floor outside .
cont	there are only women in a field watching people
cont	two woman playing golf outside .
enta	two women dressed on , people are holding up together .
6-150-8
neut	the women just got a dancing together outside .
neut	the ladies just got done their the dance
cont	three people running away from the dancing .
cont	an orchestra sitting on the floor watching tv
cont	the men sit in the park in the park
cont	the ladies were sitting in the park outside
enta	the women on the floor are a dancing .
7-150-8
neut	2 women are taking a dance test .
cont	a lady has her hands in the mud
cont	the boy is performing for others .
cont	a crowd of two women are on the ground
enta	a crowd takes performing floor of dance .
9-226-8
neut	a group of people watch a dancing performing for an audience .
cont	the people are in a classroom .
cont	two women are sitting at a bar .
enta	two people are dancing in front of people .
enta	some women are outside .
a man cutting metal with a tool .
8-150-2
neut	a man is cutting metal to a statue .
neut	a man is cutting metal to a homeless man .
neut	the man is cutting a map .
cont	the man is sleeping .
enta	a man cutting metal with metal with a tool
enta	a man is cutting metal .
enta	a man cutting metal .
enta	man cutting metal with metal .
8-150-4
neut	the man is cutting metal to get his work
neut	a man is making a mess for his wife 's office .
neut	a man makes a mold .
cont	a man is sleeping in the grass .
enta	a man is working .
enta	a man is using a tool to make metal .
enta	a man cutting metal .
enta	man cutting metal with a tool .
8-150-8
neut	the man is tending for work .
neut	a man cleans metal to rescue metal to a lot of metal .
neut	a man is using metal hands as a tool for his family .
cont	a guy eating some cereal
cont	a man cooking dinner .
enta	a man is making a piece of metal with his hands .
enta	a man is making some metal metal
8-150-16
neut	the guy is working at a job .
cont	the man is taking a nap .
cont	a man is packing a broom .
cont	the man is trimming the cement .
enta	a man is covered with a device .
enta	a man is using a device .
8-150-32
neut	a man puts the metal on his metal in his metal .
cont	a man inside under a hotel room table .
cont	no construction is using a digging .
cont	the man stays the wood he is cooking .
enta	a man putting their metal with in metal .
enta	a man works on a metal tool .
8-150-147
neut	the man is burying his new instrument and is fixing a tool .
neut	a man fixing a reflective can to go out the floor .
neut	the man in tired chin his head is working .
cont	a man is going to kill a tree .
enta	a man is working on a sign .
6-150-8
neut	the guy cutting metal to make a product .
neut	the man cutting his to catch a hole
cont	the lady was making a piece of paper .
cont	the men were playing with the ball rope .
enta	the guy cutting metal with the metal machine
7-150-8
neut	this man cutting the tool to get up .
neut	the old carving man at the job work .
cont	the table has no a tool .
enta	a person and a machine are some tools
9-226-8
neut	a man is preparing to sell for oil to cement .
neut	the man is designing a roof
neut	the man is using a pulley to is .
cont	a man digs a roof
cont	man works and eating dinner
cont	the construction workers are playing in the sand .
cont	the man is climbing the tree .
enta	a man using a mixer
a group of children enjoy their time on the beach .
8-150-2
neut	the children are playing on the beach
neut	the children are playing on the beach
neut	a group of children are playing at the beach for their parents .
neut	the children are playing in the sand at the beach .
cont	the children are swimming in the ocean .
cont	a group of children are sitting on a couch .
cont	kids are playing in a sandbox .
enta	children play on the beach .
enta	a group of children are enjoying their time together .
enta	there are children on the beach .
8-150-4
neut	the group of children are wearing bathing suits .
neut	kids are having a picnic at the beach .
neut	children taking a break from swimming
cont	the children play basketball .
cont	the children are standing in the rain .
cont	the children are in the car .
enta	the children are having fun on the beach .
enta	there are children .
enta	children in a beach are at the beach .
8-150-8
neut	the group of children work jumping in the sand at the beach .
cont	the children are riding a boat .
cont	kids stand up a beach at a park .
cont	the children are studying in the library .
enta	the kids were sitting around the water .
enta	the kids are outside watching a beach .
enta	some children play outside
8-150-16
neut	the group is talking to their child .
neut	an indian that their feet are on their feet .
neut	children went up for a beach ride
cont	the children are making their homework at home in their office .
cont	no group of children are on the beach
enta	some kids make two kids on the beach .
enta	children playing on the beach .
8-150-32
neut	the children are drinking and together .
neut	three people are friends to watch a beach .
cont	the kids are playing video on the porch .
cont	a group of children sailing on the ocean .
cont	a group of dogs are fishing in the water .
enta	someone is enjoying the beach with another group .
enta	a group of children are enjoying themselves on the beach .
8-150-147
neut	the kids are about to go in the cold .
neut	there are at least babies playing a sport game .
neut	the children are looking for train on the beach .
cont	a group of children are skiing down the beach
cont	the children are standing around a picnic picnic .
cont	the kids are sleeping in a field .
enta	there were children playing on the beach .
6-150-8
neut	the kids enjoy the view of their friends
neut	the children play on the beach for their family
neut	the boys want to get on a beach
cont	an empty beach with a group of children
cont	the boys sit in the middle of water
cont	the boys sit on the beach , watching tv
cont	a man is inside playing with a ball
enta	the kids sit together on the beach beach .
7-150-8
neut	the kids walk along boat very funny .
neut	a crowd of children is white .
cont	the group is dancing for the first time
cont	a woman in her boat watches the river play
enta	a few people riding their beach .
9-226-8
neut	a group of boys smile while walking on the beach near the ocean
neut	a group of children have their favorite song for their friends at the beach .
neut	the group of children are outside enjoying a walk .
cont	a group of boys are talking near a beach
cont	several children are walking in the park .
cont	the children are swimming in a lake
enta	a group of children are in the water .
enta	a group of children smile at the beach
a boy wearing a yellow jersey is accepting the baton from a female wearing a yellow jersey in a relay race .
8-150-2
neut	a boy is trying to win a race
neut	a boy and a woman are going to work .
cont	the boy is playing with a dog
cont	a woman and a boy are sitting on a couch .
cont	the boy is wearing a red jersey and yellow blue jeans .
enta	the boy is holding a machine .
enta	a boy is in a race .
8-150-4
neut	the boy is trying to win a race
neut	a young boy and a female a race for the first time .
cont	a child is holding a dog in a field .
cont	a boy is running on a treadmill .
enta	a boy is playing a sport with a girl .
enta	the boy and the girl are playing .
8-150-8
neut	a boy is warming the race to the girl .
neut	a boy is performing in a race for the first time .
cont	the boy sits next to the woman .
cont	two girls are wearing blue school
enta	he is a woman
8-150-16
neut	a boy competing in a competition to run in the park .
cont	a girl swims in a pool in the middle of the forest .
enta	the child is talking .
8-150-32
neut	the boy is practicing a performance .
cont	the woman built his first snow bike .
cont	the man is sitting on a bench and wearing a yellow toy .
cont	a mother is sitting down getting ready to take his first tour .
enta	a child is wearing a fencing .
8-150-147
neut	the boy is waving in a lead because the police are on .
cont	two people are grinning at the dog .
cont	a girl in a red dress holds along the floor .
enta	a boy goes in a indoor race .
enta	a boy is carrying a group of young people in the crowd .
6-150-8
neut	the boy was playing in front of the kids
neut	the boys won the prize to the trophy .
neut	the boy got the olympic to a crowd .
cont	the girls wearing yellow is running to alone
cont	the man sits on the ground and the female
cont	the boys were playing basketball with the woman
enta	an individual dressed in yellow is in the air
enta	a kid is being held by another person
7-150-8
neut	boy is making money for the sun
neut	a child rides her first time .
neut	the worker received the first time race .
cont	a child is sleeping in bed carrying
enta	boy moved the crowd on their race .
9-226-8
neut	the boy with the hurt is winning the race in a race .
neut	there is a boy in the police first place with his friend at the race
cont	a boy is watching tv in his room .
cont	both angry and girls are playing in a park .
cont	the boy is on a bed
enta	the boy in the crowd is sprinting .
enta	a person moves a marathon .
enta	the boy in yellow smiles as a crowd of another .
a surfer is surfing catches a wave .
8-150-2
neut	the surfer is a woman .
neut	the surfer is a professional surfer .
cont	a man is riding a bicycle .
cont	a man is riding a bicycle
cont	a surfer is sitting on the ground .
enta	the surfer is outdoors .
enta	a person is surfing in the water .
enta	the surfer is in the water .
enta	a person is surfing in the water .
8-150-4
neut	a surfer is riding the waves to his friends in the water
neut	a surfer is about to crash .
neut	a man is trying to make a surfing competition .
cont	a surfer is sitting at the beach .
cont	man eats his food .
cont	a surfer rides a skateboard .
cont	a man is riding a horse .
enta	a surfer is riding a wave
enta	the surfer is a surfer .
enta	a man surfing on a wave
8-150-8
neut	a surfer is fighting by the ocean .
neut	a young surfer skating in the water
cont	a man is swimming with his friends .
cont	the surfer is sitting in a tree .
cont	a surfer is running through the park
enta	two people in water
enta	the surfer jumps a wave .
enta	the surfer is surfing .
enta	a person is surfing with a surfboard .
8-150-16
neut	a surfer is doing gymnastics on the wave .
neut	some grandpa is surfing at a competition .
neut	a surfer appears at a surfer in his pocket .
cont	a man is sitting on the water to go catch .
enta	a surfer stretches out on water .
8-150-32
neut	a surfer goes a wave in the surfing park .
neut	the surfer is trying to get out of a surfboard .
neut	a man surfing his new wave
cont	a surfer washes the mountain
cont	the rider is jumping a brick .
enta	a person is windsurfing .
enta	a surfer and the snow are not outdoors .
8-150-147
neut	a sea is being lowered off a blue wave .
cont	a dog is swimming in the ocean .
cont	a man is going to go a soccer .
cont	a snowboarder puts of blue waves to the wave .
enta	a surfer is riding a wave .
6-150-8
neut	the boy will jump off the water off off
neut	the boy will jump off of a wave
neut	the man just surfing in the ocean the ocean
neut	the surfer has a wave to miss the competition
cont	the boy was swimming in the pacific ocean
cont	the surfer sits on the beach playing outside .
cont	an surfer is sitting on a chair
enta	the surfer surfs the wave in his surfboard
enta	the surfer catches the wave in a wave .
7-150-8
neut	a lady performs to swimming diving at the swimming pool .
neut	the young woman is competing for the crowd .
cont	a surfer sits and is on a surfboard .
cont	the small surfer sits on the ground .
cont	a lady had no one on surfing .
cont	the clown sits on the ground playing .
enta	the surfer caught around the a surfer
9-226-8
neut	the surfer is a woman .
cont	a woman is washing her hands
cont	the surfer is riding a jet ski .
enta	a person is surfing .
enta	an surfer watches a surfboard
enta	a surfer is surfing
old man with gray blanket on squatting against a wall
8-150-2
neut	the man is a farmer
neut	the old man is trying to get the wall .
neut	the man is trying to get to the wall
cont	the man is sitting on the ground .
cont	a young man with a red blanket on his back .
cont	the old man is walking on the beach .
enta	an old man is wearing a blanket
enta	there is a man with a blanket on a wall .
enta	a human with gray blanket on a wall
8-150-4
neut	the old man was trying to get to work .
neut	a young man is resting after a long day .
cont	a boy with a red sweater on .
cont	a man is holding a dog .
cont	a man is painting .
cont	a person with gray hair is walking through the park .
enta	an old man is walking past a wall .
8-150-8
neut	an old man is getting ready to enter a work path .
neut	a sad man is taking an empty platform .
neut	an elderly man is trying to get his taxes in a building .
cont	two young people walk on the street .
cont	a man is on the wall with a black blanket .
cont	a young man is taking a break .
enta	an old man on a wall .
enta	an elderly man and a blanket is laying on a wall .
8-150-16
neut	a old man who is taking a picture of he is using .
neut	an old man waits for his train in the sky .
neut	the man is going to win a shirt .
cont	a man pouting on a street corner .
cont	the woman reading leaves .
cont	a man wearing a winter coat kicks .
enta	a gentlemen with gray blanket is outside .
8-150-32
neut	a magician with little hair on a wall .
neut	a man is tired after playing fetch with a wall .
neut	the man is going to have his coffee break .
cont	old man with white face sits on a park bench .
cont	a man giving pepsi to the bamboo .
cont	a man makes his wife 's home dinner
cont	the man with white cheeks is playing fetch .
enta	a man with white floats is wet
enta	a man is on the wall
8-150-147
neut	the lock man is trying to get a beer .
neut	a man is getting sunburned above the wall of a dog .
cont	a man who is sitting on his parents 's head .
cont	the man out on nets because she plays the video game .
cont	a man wearing a jean shack is dancing from a wall .
cont	the man is running next to his red towel .
enta	an old man is gazing out of a wall .
enta	an old man with a white blanket .
enta	the man is leaning another by a wall .
6-150-8
neut	the old man was a very short blanket
neut	an sad man is looking for a wall
cont	old arms on the grass in a park
cont	the boy was playing with a red blanket .
cont	the man has a black blanket on his head
cont	the man was wearing a black blanket .
enta	the old man with gray blanket on outside
enta	an elderly man is outdoors with gray inside
7-150-8
neut	the men is putting trash of money .
cont	there 's young women are running outdoors
cont	a female is flying a kite in the ground .
enta	a guy has a blanket on it .
9-226-8
neut	the man is trying to fix the wall .
cont	a young man sleeping on the bench in his office
cont	a old man with a baseball stands on a wall .
cont	the old man is asleep .
cont	a old man is sitting in a car on a sidewalk .
enta	the old man is outside
a person throwing a yellow ball in the air .
8-150-2
neut	someone is playing basketball .
cont	the person is playing basketball with his friends .
cont	a person is sleeping in a chair .
cont	a person is sitting on a bench .
cont	a person is sleeping .
enta	a person is throwing a ball
enta	a person is in the air
enta	a person is throwing something .
enta	the person is in the air .
8-150-4
neut	they are going to play soccer .
neut	a man is throwing a ball .
cont	a person is sleeping
enta	a person in the air on a red ball .
enta	a person throwing a ball
8-150-8
neut	the person has a yellow ball going to the game .
neut	the man is going fast .
neut	the pass of an old person is wearing a yellow shirt .
neut	person fielding a ball being watched .
cont	the person is sitting in the bleachers .
cont	a person in a yellow and yellow ball is eating lunch
cont	a person in a bikini is swimming home .
enta	a person plays while a ball .
enta	a person tossing a ball in the air at a ball .
enta	a person is playing with a ball .
8-150-16
neut	this is a frisbee that is broken it .
neut	the person is practicing for a sport .
cont	a person in a white kick ball
cont	the man is taking a nap
enta	a ball is flying .
8-150-32
neut	a video is taller the man picking the ball
neut	a barista is smoking a new milk .
neut	a man is throwing a strike which their ball
cont	a person is swimming beside with a yellow ball .
cont	a woman pushing fast on the sidewalk .
cont	someone is jumping a yellow ball in the street .
enta	a person wearing a yellow ball is playing .
enta	a person is cleaning an object with others
8-150-147
neut	a person is trying to get home from give a ball .
neut	the person is going to fire by a purple ball .
cont	a person is reading a bank from london .
cont	a person is doing ducks by the fire .
cont	a person is on a top away .
enta	a person is throwing a ball up .
enta	someone is throwing a ball in the air .
enta	a person have wet , in the air ,
6-150-8
neut	the player throws the ball to his owner .
neut	the kid was playing with the yellow ball
neut	the boy throws the ball to his owner .
neut	the man throws the ball to a crowd .
cont	the dog runs through the middle of grass
enta	the player throws a yellow ball in the air
7-150-8
neut	a person is testing gear at the park
neut	a person gets a strike and compete .
cont	a child is eating his in a bed .
cont	the male is making an apple order
cont	all person throwing around the yellow object .
cont	the two people are walking race .
enta	a person is shooting a ball in air .
9-226-8
neut	a person is playing a game of soccer ball .
neut	an old person is trying to fix a ball .
neut	a ball is full of this of the crowd
cont	a person is holding a lunch of friends .
cont	a game person is doing a handstand .
cont	a person is running to the ball on the moped .
enta	the person has a ball for the ball .
a child slides into a wading pool full of water while an adult tosses a bucket of water on them .
8-150-2
neut	a child is playing with a white water fountain .
cont	the child was playing with a ball .
cont	a child is playing in the sand .
cont	the child is playing with a dog in the park
cont	a woman sits on a couch .
enta	people are water .
enta	a child is playing .
enta	the child is in a pool .
enta	a child is playing .
8-150-4
neut	a dog and his friend watch their children how to swim .
cont	a man is watching a movie at a theater .
cont	woman does n't have a bucket of water
enta	a child is playing a game outside .
enta	there are two people in the pool .
enta	someone is getting wet .
8-150-8
neut	a kid is learning how to swim
neut	the child is caucasian
cont	a child is building a snowman .
cont	the little child is not indoors .
enta	child at a pool .
enta	the child is playing in the water .
8-150-16
neut	a little kid is watching people play with a swimming pool .
neut	a duck is about to get into the water .
cont	the kid is playing water water with a watering tree .
cont	everyday sleeping in a house .
cont	a girl is sitting on a sandy lake .
enta	a child flips into the pool .
enta	two people enjoying the water .
8-150-32
neut	a toddler place to rest ready to get home from her date .
neut	a child is using another grill to it 's parents .
cont	an elderly kid is eating tea on a grill .
cont	a child is tossing cereal from a fountain .
cont	three people are eating a person 's meal .
cont	a pig is being served in the pool
enta	a child surfing in some water with an adult with water of water .
enta	a kid has on the pool .
8-150-147
neut	a child with the bottle clothes is drilling in his mouth .
neut	the child is wearing a red sweater while the child looks on .
neut	a little child is getting ready to get a break .
cont	the child is crying at the exhibit .
cont	a child eats a dinner on the side of a small pool .
enta	a kid near is being hit by a water .
6-150-8
neut	the kid just got done swimming in water
neut	the boy was playing in the water the water
cont	the adult sits in the water on his head
cont	the man was sitting in the water outside
cont	an adult climbs the water on the water
cont	an old man sits in the water outside
enta	the kid slides into the water on a body
7-150-8
neut	both child was thrown for dinner .
cont	a person is running across an eye lake
cont	a child is crying at her .
enta	some people float in each other .
9-226-8
neut	a child watches a game person while the water pool is trying to get a
neut	the water is made of people swimming
neut	a child plays with her friends who is almost wet .
cont	an old man sitting in a classroom .
cont	the child is cooking a cake in the kitchen
cont	a child sits sleeping in the rain .
cont	a child is in the pool with his cat , and the boy is watching
enta	the child is at the pool with a child .
enta	people are swimming with a child in a pool .
enta	a child is trying to get the water .
enta	a water beach .
a black dog holding an orange object in the water .
8-150-2
neut	the dog is chasing a ball in the water .
neut	the dog is playing fetch .
cont	a dog is sleeping .
cont	a dog is holding a cat .
cont	the dog is in the desert .
enta	a dog is wet .
enta	a dog is holding an orange object
enta	the dog is holding something in water .
enta	a black dog holds an orange object in the water
8-150-4
neut	the dog is tired .
cont	the dog is sitting in the living room .
cont	a dog is sleeping in the grass .
cont	a black dog is sitting in the yard .
cont	a dog is laying down
enta	a dog holds something
enta	the black dog is wet .
enta	a black dog is carrying something .
enta	the black dog is outside with the water .
8-150-8
neut	the dog is trying to get the water from the water .
neut	there is a dog playing in the water .
neut	the dog has a ball .
cont	a dog lays on the beach
cont	the dog is not standing
cont	a cat is sitting in the water with a black object .
cont	a dog chasing a rabbit .
enta	a black dog and a red object .
8-150-16
neut	the dog is seven years old
neut	the dog is getting his bath with the object .
cont	there is only the dog showing the man .
cont	the black dog has no phone in the water .
enta	an animal carrying a object
enta	there is one dog at the water .
enta	a dog is carrying an object with a object
8-150-32
neut	a dog ready to mow her bone in the water .
neut	a woman is going to get to the water .
cont	a man with white animal in the water
cont	a horse is drinking coffee in it 's room
cont	a white dog and blue head stands still in the rain .
cont	a dog is riding his benz .
enta	a dog is holding a yellow object .
enta	a dog is holding something orange .
enta	a small animal with something in the water .
8-150-147
neut	a rich dog is about to get a cat .
cont	the dog is catching a tree by the lake .
cont	the dog is chasing the german by .
cont	a dog is running between the river with a string .
cont	a dog is chasing a bearded husky .
enta	a dog is with a red object .
enta	a black dog is with an orange ad .
6-150-8
neut	the animal will be playing in his owner .
neut	the dogs holding the object in a lake
neut	the dogs will be playing with their owner
cont	an empty dog with an orange object runs .
cont	the dog sits on the chair in the water
enta	the dogs holds an object in the water outside .
enta	an animal is wearing a orange shirt outside .
7-150-8
neut	the dog is taking a ball outside .
cont	a couple is playing fetch at the stream .
cont	the dog and his owner in a raft car alone
cont	the black dog is being detained with it
enta	the black dog in orange holding the object .
9-226-8
neut	the dog chases into the water in the water
neut	a dog is playing in the water
neut	the black dog is wearing a robe .
cont	a cat drinks milk
cont	a black dog is trying to get out of the snow
cont	a cat is jumping outside .
enta	an animal holds his water water
a man with black pants on walks by a wall with unique art painted on it .
8-150-2
neut	a tall human walking
neut	the man is walking to the store
neut	a man walks by a wall with a new painting on the wall .
neut	the man is walking to the store .
cont	a man with a black shirt on is on the ground .
cont	the man is in the middle of the ocean
enta	a man is outdoors .
enta	a man is outdoors .
enta	a man is walking .
enta	a human walking by a wall
8-150-4
neut	a person preparing for the day .
cont	the woman with black pants on is a girl .
cont	a man sitting at a table .
cont	the man is on his porch in the park
enta	a man walks by a wall .
enta	a man is walking near an art gallery .
enta	two men walking by a wall .
8-150-8
neut	a man is at his house with a new york .
neut	a man is going to buy his friend .
neut	a man is giving a speech to a building .
neut	he likes to see .
cont	a man is taking a nap
enta	a man with black pants and a man is outside .
enta	some man are holding painted .
8-150-16
neut	a man on a sunny sunny avenue to work .
neut	the man 's boots is stuck as they are having a picnic
cont	a woman sits on a table .
cont	a dog eating coconut inside
enta	a man with black pants is walking outside .
enta	there is a man walking .
8-150-32
neut	a man is old after taking pictures of the art .
neut	a man walking by an art movie in his day office .
cont	a man with grey color rides a building .
cont	there are two men sitting by a wall
cont	a man is climbing down the world 's hill .
cont	a man in massage boots sits on the wall and painting .
enta	a person is shirtless outside of the art .
8-150-147
neut	a man is going to get a refreshing picture of the wall .
cont	a man with a hat is standing still on the surface with his parents .
cont	the man is in a purple room .
cont	a man with trout hat in his white shirt .
enta	a man is walking by a wall .
6-150-8
neut	the old man walks in front of the wall
cont	the men sit in the middle of outside
cont	the men sit in the grocery store .
cont	the guy sits on the couch watching the concert
enta	the guy walks is a wall with the art
enta	the men were walking by a wall
7-150-8
neut	a person is trying to jump home .
cont	a woman looks for the man on a plane
cont	some people in black are fishing trees .
cont	no one is wearing a tank van .
enta	a male is keeping his eyes down .
enta	the man is close the man .
9-226-8
neut	the man is at a birthday party
cont	the man is sitting
cont	a man in a red jacket stands on his sunny day .
cont	a shirtless man watching tv at home
cont	a man is sitting on the bench at the park .
enta	a man is outside
a man sweeping in the street .
8-150-2
neut	the man is sweeping the street for a party .
neut	the man is a farmer .
neut	he is cleaning the street for fun .
cont	the man is sitting on the bench .
enta	a man is sweeping the street .
enta	there is a man sweeping the street .
enta	a man sweeping the street .
enta	the man is sweeping the street .
8-150-4
neut	a man sweeping the street for a customer to arrive .
neut	he is going to work .
cont	the street was empty and the man 's hands .
cont	a woman is cleaning .
cont	a man is sitting at a table .
enta	the man is sweeping
enta	the man has has a broken hand .
enta	a man is sweeping the street .
enta	a man is outside in the street .
8-150-8
neut	a man in police man is sweeping a new city
neut	an artist is trying to cross the street .
neut	the man is sweeping up some people
neut	the man is a painter .
cont	the man is eating lunch on the bench .
cont	a man is in a living room .
cont	a man is watching tv in the living room .
enta	a man is sweeping through the street .
enta	the man is a man on a street .
8-150-16
neut	a man is trying to put a statue on the street .
neut	the man wants to buy a soda .
cont	the man is planting a tree in his garden .
cont	a man is doing jumping jacks .
cont	a man is on a playground in his yard
cont	a woman in a dress is sweeping
enta	the man is sweeping from a street .
enta	some guy is sweeping
8-150-32
neut	a man is going to get lunch
neut	a man is going to ask a something .
cont	a man is cutting down lettuce
cont	the man planted standing in the street .
cont	a girl is standing in the street .
enta	a man is working on the street .
enta	a man in the middle of the street with a design .
enta	a man is beneath a street .
8-150-147
neut	a man jumps in the middle of the street for new finals .
neut	a man throw a man out of the street because it climbed .
neut	a man is being conducted in the street by pedestrians .
cont	the man is in the sleep building .
cont	a man is jogging down the sidewalk
enta	a man is laid by street .
enta	there is a man out in the street standing .
6-150-8
neut	the tall person in a crowded street outside
cont	the dog sleeping in the middle of the street
cont	the dog sleeps in the park in silence
cont	an adult is sitting in front of the street
cont	an sad man is sitting in a chair
enta	the guy sweeping the street in a street .
enta	a man is working in a street outside
enta	the guy sweeps in the street with the street
7-150-8
neut	the two are of their phones very they .
cont	the two of dogs walking inside a meeting .
cont	no one got a sweeping into the grass .
cont	the lady was cleaning the lawn alone .
cont	a child is eating lunch in home
enta	a person is cleaning up a street to see .
9-226-8
neut	there is a man sweeping the street for its owner .
neut	the man in yellow is working at the city street .
cont	two women are eating dinner .
cont	a woman runs away from a street .
cont	nobody is pointing
enta	a man is working at the street
a girl in a red top is holding slips of paper .
8-150-2
neut	a girl is smiling .
neut	a girl is holding a paper to her mother .
cont	girl eats dinner .
cont	the girl is holding a large cat in the kitchen .
enta	a girl is holding on to a paper
enta	a girl is near paper .
enta	a girl is wearing a red top .
8-150-4
neut	a girl at the park .
cont	a man is sleeping .
cont	the girl is wearing a blue bikini .
cont	a girl is holding a blue cap
enta	a girl is wearing a red top .
enta	a girl is holding a paper .
8-150-8
neut	a girl is preparing for the book
neut	a girl holding a drawing on a paper .
cont	the man is having a picnic party
cont	a boy is buying lemonade and walks into the ocean .
cont	girl is sunbathing on the beach .
enta	a girl has on top of paper .
enta	there is a girl holding a paper .
enta	a girl with a top is standing
enta	a girl is being holding on paper paper
8-150-16
neut	a girl is chasing after her mother with their eyes .
neut	some peoples play with an audience
cont	one girl is holding a dog at the park .
cont	a girl was playing chess in a field .
cont	a black man is not standing by paper
enta	a girl is holding the paper .
enta	a girl is coming paper
enta	the girl is outdoors with paper .
8-150-32
neut	a girl holds the glass of a glass .
neut	a girl in a red top was holding aluminum .
neut	a girl is tired and is making paper .
cont	a boy has shoes in his hands .
cont	the girl is lying on the ground with her father
cont	the girl is sitting and holding on .
enta	a girl in a red vest holding her display .
8-150-147
neut	a girl is trying to get to her coffee .
neut	a girl is about to serve a dress .
cont	a girl is standing on the street wrapping with a burger .
cont	a girl stares at her dog .
cont	a female in blue stood held a mess .
enta	two girl are posing in front of a paper .
6-150-8
neut	the girls wants to take the picture outside .
cont	the girls were playing with a ball of paper
cont	the boys were running in a field
cont	the boys holding the paper is a store .
cont	the young girl holds the paper is empty
enta	the young girl is wearing a red top cap
7-150-8
neut	girl is watching the in a car race .
neut	a girl is dressed at church
neut	a little girl is talking for the bus
cont	a person in class clothes parked cars
cont	a girl is riding through her car .
cont	girl is playing in a classroom .
enta	the human was using his hands .
9-226-8
neut	a girl is making dinner .
neut	a girl has a dental hair .
cont	a girl does a handstand at a baseball game with the bat .
cont	the girl is driving a car
cont	a girl is washing her birthday cake
cont	the boy looks at the dog
enta	a person with a paper is is making something .
enta	a young girl looks at a piece of paper .
a black woman on the street is talking on her cellphone .
8-150-2
neut	a woman is in a black dress .
neut	a woman is talking to her husband .
cont	a woman is sitting on a couch .
cont	the woman is on the beach .
cont	a woman is sleeping .
enta	a woman is talking on her phone
enta	a woman is outside
enta	the woman is talking on her phone .
enta	a woman is talking on her phone .
8-150-4
neut	an old woman talking on her cellphone .
neut	the woman is taking a break from work .
cont	the woman is indoors .
cont	a man is making a dog .
cont	a man is talking to his wife
cont	a man is sitting .
enta	a woman is talking outside .
enta	the woman is outdoors
8-150-8
neut	woman is talking to her friends
neut	a woman was talking to her husband .
neut	a woman points at her phone and eats lunch .
cont	a woman wearing black and white is eating lunch with his family .
cont	one woman is drinking coffee
cont	a woman in a red outfit is riding the bus .
enta	a female lady with her cellphone in the street .
enta	a woman is watching the person .
enta	the woman is talking on the phone .
8-150-16
neut	the woman is speaking to a flag that is a woman is talking .
neut	a girl is waiting for a taxi .
neut	a girl is talking about the mother on the phone .
cont	a white woman is riding in a car .
enta	a woman talking on her phone while standing on the street .
enta	a girl talking on her phone while walking on the street .
enta	the woman is talking on her cellphone .
8-150-32
neut	the woman is talking to her husband .
cont	the lady is playing beach with a mouse .
cont	only woman went in the door and smiling
cont	the women are swimming in her house .
enta	a dude is surrounded by a woman .
enta	a woman talking on his phone .
8-150-147
neut	a woman is going to and leaves on a seesaw .
neut	the woman is selling on her phone .
neut	the woman has a professional jockey
cont	a man is making a poem on his cellphone .
cont	a guy wearing a black woman is stuck on the street .
cont	a woman stands around looking at the beach .
enta	a lady and a woman are waiting on her phone .
enta	a person on the beautiful street ,
enta	the female is about on the street .
6-150-8
neut	an old woman talking to the grocery store
neut	an is going to take the job service
cont	the guy talks on the phone 's phone
cont	the man was listening to music on the street .
cont	the man walks in the middle of the street .
enta	the women on the street has a cellphone
enta	the lady talking on the phone is talking
7-150-8
neut	the black lady is serving to read
neut	a female is giving her phone for her .
cont	a female is walking a small park of flowers
cont	an elderly woman plays the red phone .
cont	the woman broke her leg by outside
cont	the lady sat inside a wall outside .
enta	the black woman is using phone outside .
enta	a lady is waiting watching a cellphone .
9-226-8
neut	a woman talks on her cellphone at a bus station .
neut	the woman is talking on the phone in a phone booth
neut	a woman talking to her boyfriend on the street
cont	a woman is running on the beach
cont	a woman talks on her phone at a cafe
cont	the woman is playing the guitar while on the bench
cont	the woman is at home watching .
enta	a woman talks to a group of people .
enta	a black woman holds her cellphone while walking down the street
enta	a black woman holds a phone .
elderly man painting a picture with a small paintbrush .
8-150-2
neut	a man paints a picture of a large large large large large child .
neut	a man is painting a picture of a large dog .
cont	a young man is painting a picture .
cont	the man is sleeping in his bed
enta	the man is painting
enta	a man is painting .
enta	a man paints a picture
enta	the man is painting .
8-150-4
neut	an old man painting his picture with his face .
neut	an old man is painting a picture for his father
cont	a young man eats his dinner
cont	a man eats a hot dog with a ball .
cont	the man is making a mess .
enta	a man is painting a picture .
enta	the elderly person is painting .
8-150-8
neut	a man watches his wife paints her wedding .
neut	the grandfather looks at his painting of a large man .
cont	an old man is painting a tree .
cont	an elderly man is looking at a small camera .
cont	a man at the dentist at a funeral .
enta	an artist is under the tree .
enta	an elderly artist cutting up his .
8-150-16
neut	a man painting a picture of his face
neut	the man has a large pale beard to find his wife .
cont	a old man is holding his dog .
cont	an old woman jet jet inside the ocean .
cont	the man is cooking a sandwich in front of a crowd .
cont	the man is looking at the moon .
enta	a older man is painting someone 's painting .
8-150-32
neut	an unknown is painting the painting for the deaf .
cont	man leaning on a bench .
cont	a skateboarder pushes a tricycle on the street
cont	a woman is painting a picture of a house .
cont	the man is painting by a sink .
enta	a man works on art clothes .
8-150-147
neut	the father is posing , trying to take a picture .
neut	the man is in the art painting .
cont	the skateboarder is working on the bike trip .
cont	two elderly people stand at the art stove .
enta	multiple people are drawing in a little umbrella .
enta	a man is doing some painter .
6-150-8
neut	an old man painting a picture of the painting
neut	an old man painting a picture of him .
neut	the old man is working on a project
neut	a guy is painting a picture for sale
cont	an old man is walking alone in the woods
cont	the boy is playing with a small boy inside
enta	an elderly man is painting with a small paintbrush
7-150-8
neut	man hard in his new shop
cont	old man is playing the video guitar .
cont	the young human is reading on book .
enta	some people painting a painting are .
enta	the elderly man practicing a painting .
9-226-8
neut	an elderly man is about to paint a mural .
neut	older man teaching a class to art
neut	a man is making a painting of a woman .
neut	the older man is making his subject with his wife .
cont	a woman using a drill in a kitchen .
enta	the man is making something .
a man wearing a white jacket and pink hat is speaking into a microphone while raising one arm above his head .
8-150-2
neut	the man is talking to his wife on the microphone .
neut	the man is a very fashion comedian .
neut	the man is talking to his wife on the microphone .
cont	a man is talking to a woman with a microphone .
cont	a man is wearing a black jacket
cont	the man is playing baseball
enta	someone is talking into a microphone .
enta	a man is speaking into a microphone
enta	a man is talking into a microphone
enta	a man talking to a microphone .
8-150-4
neut	a person listening to a man about to eat
cont	there is a man eating
cont	a man is sitting on a couch .
cont	nobody is wearing a jacket and a shirt
enta	a man is talking into a microphone .
enta	the man is speaking .
enta	a man in a white jacket .
enta	someone is giving a speech .
8-150-8
neut	a man makes up his team .
neut	a man is doing a backflip for his girlfriend .
neut	a man is waiting for his girlfriend .
cont	the man is asleep on his bed .
cont	a man is giving his arms to the audience .
cont	the woman is enjoying the sun indoors .
enta	there is a man in a white jacket and pink hat .
enta	a man is about to make a microphone .
8-150-16
neut	the man is a female in a usa wearing a jacket .
neut	a man is performing and on his way home .
cont	a woman sits alone on the bench
cont	a man is standing on a chair and he is taking pictures .
enta	a man is walking by a microphone
enta	a man is against a microphone
8-150-32
neut	a man is speaking to his wife
neut	a man 's dentist is try to prevent the text .
cont	the man is resting next to a man .
cont	a man takes a group of kids to another .
cont	the man has his head away from his cheek .
enta	a female is dressed man
enta	a man speaks to a mirror .
8-150-147
neut	the man is trying to catch a pencil .
neut	a man is giving another play to a audience .
cont	a man is giving a break while sitting on ground .
cont	the man is wearing a green jacket .
enta	a man in a jacket holds his bow .
6-150-8
neut	the couple enjoys the microphone and the band
neut	the man wants to play with a friend .
neut	the tall person speaking to his friend .
neut	an elderly man is speaking to a crowd
cont	the lady cries into the microphone and singing
cont	the couple eats the microphone in his hands hand
cont	the lady eats the microphone in her kitchen
enta	the man raises the arm of a microphone
enta	the athlete wearing the white hat is speaking .
7-150-8
neut	the dressed haired man is the woman .
neut	man tells to play on the front microphone
neut	the person has a microphone at work .
cont	a person is standing around a basketball game .
cont	a lady is dressed in her hair house
enta	a guy in the hat wearing hat
9-226-8
neut	there is a man with short hair blocked his owner 's flag and eating his
cont	the man is eating a sandwich .
cont	the man has no shirt on his head in front of an audience .
cont	a man is eating chicken
cont	the man in black is getting a haircut and standing .
enta	a man is is wearing something clothing .
a large man dressed in black on a street corner by a red brick building .
8-150-2
neut	the man is waiting for his wife .
neut	the large man is waiting for someone .
neut	a man is waiting for a bus .
cont	the man is wearing a red dress .
cont	a large man is standing on a bench .
enta	a man is outdoors .
enta	the man is in black
enta	a man is outside
enta	a man in black
8-150-4
neut	the small man is dressed for the church .
cont	the man with the red painted jacket is riding a bicycle .
cont	a small man plays with a ball .
cont	a woman is getting ready to go to work .
enta	the small man is standing by a building .
enta	a man is dressed for the street .
8-150-8
neut	the old man is quietly the orange building .
cont	the man is not at a concert .
cont	a boy wearing a black suit sleeps on a street corner .
cont	a man playing a guitar
enta	a man is dressed up
8-150-16
neut	man plays on vacation .
cont	an old man rides his bike through the city .
cont	the smiling man was smiling at his wife
enta	a man was on a street corner by the building .
enta	there is a site with the man .
8-150-32
neut	a man who is dressed is carrying a red bench .
neut	a performer just delivered pictures on the street .
neut	a man wearing black is walking to some some sun with a other color .
neut	an old man is ready to go some ice .
cont	the man is inside of a house for a small family .
cont	a group of people are sledding down the grassy road .
cont	a woman is walking indoors at midnight .
enta	the stone walkway is being followed by a man .
8-150-147
neut	a heavy man is wearing a traditional sweatshirt and facing a building .
neut	the man is leaving from the restaurant as a crowded building .
neut	a man is building a certain building in the parade .
neut	a priest is dressed in black and white .
cont	a man is being chased by a car .
cont	the biker is wearing a yellow suit .
cont	the man is on the floor with his son 's hair .
enta	a man in black , near the street crossing .
6-150-8
neut	the old man dressed in black is walking home
neut	a young man is looking for a big building
cont	an empty street corner in front of the building
cont	the lady sits in the middle of outside
cont	the guy walks down the street alone .
cont	the couple dressed in black are playing video games
enta	the guy dressed in black is outside outside .
enta	the man 's shirt is black and his vest
enta	the boy was on the street corner playing outside .
enta	the men were on a street in motion .
7-150-8
neut	a guy is looking in a long tall building .
neut	a man has a broken in .
cont	the large man is laying down on the
cont	the building crew fell into the house
cont	the little man was riding the bus
cont	a female is looking for a house .
enta	this artist is with wood .
enta	aman persons are walking outside
9-226-8
neut	the janitor is outside .
neut	a sad man is standing on a street in front of a building with graffiti
neut	a man is wearing black and black shirt and waiting for the bus .
cont	a man is sleeping
cont	a large man in green clothes are sitting on the street
enta	a man dressed in black is up seated on the street .
a boy and a girl in jackets gaze in a clothing store window .
8-150-2
neut	they are looking at the boy 's house
cont	the boy and girl are sitting in a chair .
cont	the boy and girl are sitting on a couch .
enta	two children are looking at a window .
enta	a boy and girl are in a store .
enta	there is a boy and girl in a store .
enta	two people are in a store .
8-150-4
neut	the boy is the girl 's mother .
cont	a dog is playing
cont	the boy and a girl are looking at a toy .
cont	the kids are on a beach .
enta	two children are looking at a store window .
enta	the boy is wearing a top of the window .
8-150-8
neut	the flowers are in the store .
neut	the group of children are a boy
cont	dog chases boy
cont	a boy and girl are driving a car
enta	the boy and girl are looking at a clothing store .
enta	the boy and girl are outside a store .
enta	the boy and girl is looking at the store window .
8-150-16
neut	the children dropped out of their mother 's clothing .
neut	the boy and girl are late for the supermarket .
cont	an old man and girl riding on the couch
cont	a single boy sits at a table with his son
cont	two fish perform at the beach .
enta	a child is talking
enta	a boy and girl are looking in the store .
8-150-32
neut	a first girl is ready to take a beautiful clothing store
neut	a boy and the girl 's card card care home .
neut	a boy is using his new cellphone at the store
cont	there are several people in the hospital .
cont	the boy and the girls are on the roof
enta	people wear sweaters on the store
enta	a boy and girl are crossing a window .
enta	there are two people in this picture .
8-150-147
neut	a blond girl and her boy are getting ready to fight .
neut	the child is dressed up for an sun weather .
cont	a boy is being playing on a field shoot .
cont	a boy watches broccoli from his little girl .
cont	the boy is all sleeping in his uniform .
cont	a child in jacket and his swim up to the window .
enta	a boy in in two jersey , some of clothes are beside in a store
6-150-8
neut	the girls were looking at the red clothes store
neut	the boy likes to see the girl is outside .
cont	the girls and a girl are playing basketball .
cont	the boy walks in the middle of the woods
cont	the boy sits alone in his room .
cont	the man sat in the store in detention
enta	an adult and girl in front wear store
7-150-8
neut	the couple love on their way home
cont	the little girl is jumping
cont	nobody is visiting a cow
cont	a girl is taking a nap inside .
enta	a couple is gazing at the clothing store
9-226-8
neut	the kids and the girl is taking a picture
neut	the boy and the boy are looking for a boy for a picture taken .
cont	two children are in the windowless .
cont	the two young children are watching a movie in a movie theater .
cont	the two boys are in a shopping mall for shoes .
enta	children are sitting looking
beautiful red car among many at a car show full of excited car enthusiasts held on a tree lined street .
8-150-2
neut	the car is in a race .
neut	a red car is parked on the street in a race .
cont	car rider at the beach
cont	the car is in the middle of the street .
enta	a car is being watched by a car .
enta	there is a car being being by by a car .
enta	there are people outside .
enta	the car is at a car .
enta	there is a car in this picture .
enta	there is a car in this picture .
enta	the red car is being played by a car .
enta	a car is being played by a red car .
enta	the car is being watched by a car .
enta	a car is being watched by a car .
8-150-4
neut	the car is being pulled by .
neut	there are two cars on a street to get ready to go to the store
cont	the car was parked
cont	the car has no car on it .
cont	a car parked in a garage .
cont	the car is white
enta	a car with a car is going fast .
enta	a car is at a car .
enta	a car is wearing a car car
enta	car parked on a tree
enta	the car is being held by a car .
enta	there are many people in the car .
enta	the car has a small crowd .
enta	the car is at a car .
enta	a car is being held by a car .
enta	a person outside outside .
8-150-8
neut	several people are shopping for a new car in a big party .
neut	cars stand around a tree they are about to get on .
cont	a blue car is parked at a party .
cont	no one is on the street corner .
cont	an empty street with their favorite cars .
cont	the women are walking through the forest
cont	an car is parked at a casino .
cont	the cars on the ground are empty .
cont	a blue car has arrived in the ocean .
enta	there is a car parked .
enta	the people are watching a vehicle .
enta	some humans in a car .
enta	several people in a car car .
8-150-16
neut	a car takes her race car
cont	a car is running a marathon .
cont	the new car is taking a nap .
cont	the people are at school going down a hill .
enta	there are people on the road .
enta	people are outside looking at a car .
enta	there are two people on a car .
enta	a red car drives on the tree
enta	traffic around outside are on the tree .
enta	a car is over time on a street corner .
enta	there are a large tree car .
enta	a car drives on the street .
enta	many of someone riding a vehicle on a tree .
8-150-32
neut	a female lot of traffic around the path with a car ride .
neut	book poses does the car has a minute car .
cont	a woman stands in one cold
cont	a bike was bright next to it 's toyota by it 's truck .
cont	the car is on the ground .
cont	a car is resting on a grey bird .
cont	the shirt is red and all was color .
enta	a model has on front of people watching a car .
enta	a car parked in a small car .
enta	an big car is outside of the car .
enta	there is a hot car by the food can .
enta	a person is show his car show .
enta	a cars of a car is outside of the event .
8-150-147
neut	the boss that a car is taking place on the cars .
neut	a skier waits for the next sign on it .
cont	church sleeping was sleeping on the sidewalk .
cont	the people are standing around in canada holding a friend .
cont	the bicycle is red and white .
cont	a yellow car is being dug by a black car .
cont	the group is under a tree and not ride their bikes .
cont	the small car is parked on the highway .
enta	there is a car being labor .
enta	there are three people and motorcycles in a car .
enta	outside is top on a fake car .
6-150-8
neut	the race car displayed the car is very small
cont	the cat chases the car in a car
cont	a man is inside with a dog .
cont	the crowd was sitting in an empty .
cont	an old car is parked in a park .
cont	the boys were watching tv in their car
cont	the man was in the middle of hills
cont	the police group of people are playing golf .
enta	the minivan displayed the cars watch a car .
7-150-8
neut	a bunch of children perform a car .
neut	a family does their car from the car race .
cont	motorcycle asians are taking the car race .
cont	the red car is with no
cont	some people 's car are at the bank .
cont	the car and car are driving on tree .
enta	a crowd looks in a tree
enta	a guy has red clothing in red
enta	the truck has red cars on it .
enta	the car can being seen a car .
enta	the car is fixing a car .
9-226-8
neut	a car in the street on a street performer in the park .
cont	a red and white car are driving down the street .
cont	they are on top of shore
cont	the two men are riding bikes
cont	the cars are parked on the street in the rain .
cont	a group of people are riding on the city bus .
cont	the car is parked at the street
cont	the bike is parked in the driveway and is brown and down on it .
cont	no street is crossing the street
enta	there is a car passing down the street in the street .
enta	red bicycle outside
a man in a wetsuit surfing .
8-150-2
neut	a man surfing in a competition on a sunny day .
neut	a surfer surfing on a lake in a wetsuit .
cont	a man is swimming in a pool .
cont	a man is riding a bike
enta	the man is surfing
enta	the man is surfing in the water .
8-150-4
neut	the man wearing a wetsuit is wearing a helmet .
neut	the man is surfing to the top of the water .
neut	a man surfing in a surfing competition .
cont	a man is riding his bike in the park .
cont	a man is swimming in the ocean .
cont	a woman sits on a bench .
enta	a guy in a wetsuit surfing .
enta	there is one man in this picture .
enta	a man surfing .
8-150-8
neut	scuba man is wearing a scuba swimsuit at his surfing competition .
neut	a man is trying to reach his water
cont	a man is jogging .
cont	the man has a meeting on his head .
cont	a man who is standing in the sand are swimming at the beach .
enta	a man is wearing a wetsuit and a wetsuit
enta	the man is in a surf .
8-150-16
neut	a man parasailing underwater in texas
cont	the guy is sitting on a stool .
cont	the man is riding a swimming race .
enta	a man is near the pool .
8-150-32
neut	the person that was going paddles .
cont	a woman is watching tv today
cont	a man was dressed for his daughter .
cont	a man in a suit surfing a ferrari
enta	colorfully of all shared rivals .
enta	a man paddling on a wetsuit .
enta	a man is surfers
8-150-147
neut	a man is jumping over a lost item .
neut	a gentleman is wearing a green helmet .
cont	a man is riding a skateboard to get a kite .
cont	a man is wearing a solid yellow swimming .
cont	a man is on a mountain pool
enta	the man is wearing a costume .
6-150-8
neut	the guy will ride the ski to work
neut	the guy surfing in the ocean with friends
cont	the lady sits on the chair at home .
cont	the boy jumps into the water with the water
cont	the lady sits on the chair at home
enta	the boy surfing in the water in the water
enta	an overweight man surfing in front of water
7-150-8
neut	the surfer is windsurfing in a race .
cont	a guy looking to the music show
cont	some men driving his car from a park .
cont	a girl is eating nothing .
enta	the man is surfing diving .
9-226-8
neut	a man is surfing in the ocean waves
neut	a guy is doing some water skiing in the ocean .
cont	a man dives into the ocean
cont	the man sits on his surfboard chair .
cont	a man is taking a nap .
enta	a man is surfing to sea
enta	a man is outdoors
two children playing baseball at the park .
8-150-2
neut	the kids are friends .
cont	two kids are playing basketball
cont	two children are playing basketball .
cont	two kids are playing basketball in the park .
enta	the children are outside .
enta	two children playing .
enta	two children playing baseball .
enta	two children are playing baseball outside .
8-150-4
neut	the children are taking the baseball team to win the game .
cont	a dog is sleeping in the park .
enta	two children playing baseball .
enta	the children are playing baseball
enta	children are playing baseball outside .
enta	the children are getting ready .
8-150-8
neut	the kids are learning their new sports match .
neut	two siblings play for the first time .
neut	two kids are trying to play the game in a game of yard .
cont	kids are running for the toy bike .
cont	the children are sleeping in the bed .
cont	the park is empty .
enta	two children are together outdoors .
enta	two people are in the park .
enta	a pair of children are breaking .
8-150-16
neut	the two children are playing baseball on their birthday day .
neut	a couple in a halloween party are playing baseball .
neut	the two children are part of a daycare class .
cont	two children on the couch
cont	two children are doing reading a newspaper .
cont	a group of kids are listening to a movie music .
cont	one of the children fighting in a classroom .
enta	children playing baseball .
enta	there are other age of the children .
enta	children are at the park with a baseball .
enta	two children play baseball .
8-150-32
neut	two kids play in a game for their friend .
neut	the two kids playing in the park are throwing beer .
cont	the poor school is playing in the city .
cont	nobody is on the park
cont	the children are running away on the road .
cont	the kids are digging in the park .
enta	two kids hug in the park .
enta	two children play in the park .
8-150-147
neut	children play outside with their living themselves .
neut	the children are in a red park .
neut	there is a serious of football game on the park park .
cont	there are two children playing basketball outside .
cont	two kids are in a school theme contest .
cont	two children are jumping into the lake .
cont	a pit of kids are playing basketball in a field .
enta	two people are playing baseball .
6-150-8
neut	the boys play baseball in the baseball field
neut	two people are playing baseball at their home
cont	the boys sit in the park and playing
cont	an adult stands in the park playing baseball
enta	the children play baseball at the park outdoors .
7-150-8
neut	a couple is taking the baseball on a park .
neut	a woman is scared to play ball .
neut	a couple is gathering a game .
cont	the little boy is napping .
cont	the two kids are on the ground .
enta	a person is touching a play number people .
9-226-8
neut	children are having a water polo outside on a park .
neut	two children are playing a game of game in baseball .
cont	the kids are at the mall .
cont	the children play basketball
cont	two children are asleep .
cont	the kids are sitting at the table playing .
enta	kids play on a park bench
a man wearing a white shirt and an orange shirt jumped into the air .
8-150-2
neut	a person is near a desert .
neut	a tall human jumping
cont	a man is sleeping .
cont	a man is wearing a black shirt
enta	a man is jumping into the air .
enta	a man wearing a shirt .
enta	a man wearing a shirt is jumping .
8-150-4
neut	a person is trying to get to work .
neut	the man is holding a stick .
cont	the man is wearing a blue shirt .
cont	a man in a red shirt .
cont	a man is holding a dog in the air .
enta	the man has a white shirt .
enta	the man is wearing a white shirt .
enta	a man in white is wearing a shirt .
8-150-8
neut	someone is in a hurry
neut	a man is performing with his family .
neut	a man is training for an upcoming competition
cont	a man is building english in the desert .
cont	a man in a black shirt is leaning away into the air .
cont	a man is wearing a red shirt
cont	one man eats a dog at the beach .
enta	a human is trying to get into the air .
enta	a person is performing a task .
enta	a man is in the air
8-150-16
neut	a man waits for a ride in the city
neut	a man is at a circus .
neut	man catching frisbee
cont	a woman tries to impress something
cont	the black man is hiking down a busy street .
cont	a man is swimming in a pool .
cont	the black man is fighting the air .
enta	a man is leaning on the air .
enta	a black man and an orange shirt are outside together .
8-150-32
neut	the person is a tourist
neut	the man is riding a scooter .
neut	a man is wearing a collar and running into the lake .
cont	a man dressed as a neon model he 's built .
enta	there is a man wearing a white shirt and one day .
8-150-147
neut	a man is running silently in the air .
neut	the man is working against the floor because he is a desert .
neut	a man is trying to cross a field .
cont	a man is working on a couch
cont	a man laying fishes in a small camera .
enta	a man is kicking out of the air .
6-150-8
neut	the old man wearing white is a shirt .
cont	the man was wearing a black shirt outside .
cont	the lady jumps into the air with a shirt
enta	the boy has a white shirt in the air
enta	an adult wearing a shirt and orange .
enta	the guy jumps in the air to the ground
7-150-8
neut	a female is climbing a man .
neut	a male is in a band .
neut	a person waits on their way to work .
neut	the young woman is old
cont	a woman looks away on the ground raft .
cont	a guy is sleeping after playing .
cont	the shirt was holding the bush .
cont	the black shirt has no shirt on
enta	man is pole with an orange in the air
enta	a crowd with a person is wearing clothing outside .
9-226-8
neut	a man is trying to get a trick
neut	an older man is wearing snowshoes and a dress in the air .
cont	the man is tapping his hair in the mirror .
cont	a man is parachuting down the hill
cont	a man is eating pizza at the bar .
cont	there is a man in his house suit is standing on the sidewalk waiting for
enta	a man is dressed in costumes shirt
two marathon runners running through a forest .
8-150-2
neut	two runners are running through the forest to get to the finish line .
cont	the runners are sitting .
cont	the runners are sitting in the grass .
enta	two runners are running outside .
enta	the runners are running through the forest .
enta	runners running through a forest .
enta	runners running through the forest .
8-150-4
neut	two people running through the forest to get to the top .
neut	the runners are wearing pink shirts .
neut	it is a marathon
neut	two runners are running through a forest to get to the top of the forest
cont	the runners are swimming
enta	two runners are running outside
enta	people running
enta	the runners are running through the forest
8-150-8
neut	the runners are leaving the forest .
neut	the runners race are being finished for the race .
neut	two marathon runners are trying to win the game .
cont	the runners sit on the street .
cont	runners are chasing a baseball to the park
cont	two men are walking through the forest .
enta	two marathon runners .
enta	runners are outside .
enta	runners on a wooded area .
enta	runners outside the forest .
8-150-16
neut	two boxers coming a race through the forest .
neut	the people are competing in a winning event with their riders .
neut	people either running through the forest for their tour .
cont	the two men are laying in a tent .
cont	two a ball pit over a pool .
enta	both people are racing
enta	bicyclers race is racing through the forest
8-150-32
neut	the runners racing to their friend 's house .
neut	the runners are sky about the start .
cont	the runners take one another out of a mountain .
enta	a member is walks down the outdoors .
enta	a couple of run run are running .
8-150-147
neut	some hunters cross the yellow dirt of yellow .
cont	a group of peoples participate in the underground track .
cont	the 4 cyclists are jogging down the highway .
cont	two men are running out of a river .
enta	some runners are running .
enta	two females have persons in shorts .
6-150-8
neut	the runners runners the balls in the forest
neut	the man likes to run away from the crowd
cont	the women were playing in a field
cont	the women were in the middle of the forest
enta	an runners running through a forest with place
enta	the runners run through the forest with the runners .
7-150-8
neut	the man has the race runners two people .
neut	the marathon runners is in front of two large harley track
cont	2 women stand along an empty field .
cont	the beach man was wearing a top cap .
cont	the race car is n't lunch .
enta	2 runners are on the outdoor outdoor
9-226-8
neut	two runners are running towards their last day by near the water .
cont	two woman are running on the beach .
cont	two brothers play poker .
cont	the people are running in the street .
enta	two people are near a fence .
enta	two runners run race
a man is standing on a rooftop looking at his camera .
8-150-2
neut	a tall human standing
neut	a man is taking pictures of his wife at his birthday party .
cont	the man is sitting on the ground looking at his camera
cont	the man is at the beach .
enta	a man stands on a rooftop looking at his camera .
enta	a man is outside .
enta	there is a man standing outside
8-150-4
neut	the man is looking at a camera at a party .
neut	the man is wearing a swimsuit .
cont	man sitting on a boat
cont	there is a woman standing with a camera .
enta	the man has his camera is looking at his camera .
enta	a man looks at a camera .
enta	the photographer looks at his camera .
8-150-8
neut	a man is waiting for his ride on the ocean .
neut	a man watches his wife perform in front of a crowd .
neut	the man is contemplating on a camera .
cont	the man is camping on the ocean .
cont	a man is looking at his camera in a field .
enta	a man is looking up into a camera .
enta	there is a man by a building
8-150-16
neut	a man is taking a picture of friends .
cont	a man watching cartoons all his wife .
cont	the man is looking at a camera , sitting on the roof .
enta	the man was looking at the camera
enta	a man stands on front of a water .
8-150-32
neut	a man tears on camera is looking at a camera .
cont	a man is throwing a base .
cont	man wearing clothes sits on a balcony .
cont	a bald man is driving a carousel
enta	a man walked by a camera
enta	a man looking at the photograph is checking out
8-150-147
neut	a man is trying to fix his camera before .
cont	a man is watching ups on a hot tub .
cont	a man is taking a picture by a lake .
enta	someone is listening to the camera .
6-150-8
neut	an event wearing a camera is very cold
neut	the man was waiting for his wife to arrive
cont	the guy sits in the middle of the ocean
cont	the boy was sitting in the living room
cont	the men stand in the middle of their house
enta	the guy looks at the camera at his camera
enta	the male was standing on the roof looking .
7-150-8
neut	someone is teaching a class how something
neut	the men is fixing the picture .
cont	a child is feeding his first time
enta	a rooftop has his camera .
9-226-8
neut	the man looking at his dog on the slide .
neut	a man is trying to camera at a new gate .
neut	the model looks at the camera outside .
cont	a man is sitting in his highchair .
cont	man driving a car
enta	a human standing
enta	a man is on a sidewalk .
enta	a man is looking out at the camera .
two seattle firefighters standing in front of their truck .
8-150-2
neut	two firefighters standing in front of their truck to get a break .
cont	the firefighters are sleeping in the car
cont	two men are sitting in a car in front of a truck .
enta	two firefighters standing outside .
enta	the firefighters are standing in front of a truck .
enta	the car is outside .
8-150-4
neut	a mechanic is waiting for a bus .
neut	a group of firefighters are waiting to go to a truck .
cont	two firefighters sitting at a table .
cont	three firefighters are sitting in a cafe .
cont	two men at a restaurant .
enta	a truck is being held .
enta	the firefighters are in front of their truck .
8-150-8
neut	a construction worker is leaning against a truck and waiting for the bus .
cont	construction workers are dancing in the rain
enta	two people look up at the fire .
enta	two firefighters are standing near the truck .
8-150-16
neut	the two firefighters are making their way to work .
cont	two firefighters are doing jumping jacks .
cont	two firefighters are standing in a bar .
cont	two firefighters are laying out in front of their truck .
enta	three burning staff stands .
8-150-32
neut	the people compete for sex .
neut	two firefighters are about to get legs off .
cont	the men are putting quilts in a garage .
cont	two members are eating pancakes in a circle .
enta	firefighters wear onto the back of the vehicle .
enta	firefighters are working on a truck
8-150-147
neut	the firefighters are going to finish it full of truck .
cont	the four firemen are standing on the floor toward their car .
cont	four workers are catching down the crosswalk of their construction .
cont	the men are sitting on the ground .
enta	students are standing in front of their truck .
6-150-8
neut	the firefighters were a truck waiting for the bus
cont	the boys sit in the park watching the game
cont	no one in the truck is a truck
enta	some firefighters standing in front of their truck .
enta	an empty truck with the firefighters are standing
7-150-8
neut	the firefighters work to make a parade
neut	the firefighters were at the yellow fire .
cont	the two firefighters are walking down the crowded side .
enta	some firefighters out on the truck outside .
enta	some worker gathers the truck .
9-226-8
neut	a couple of construction workers stand in the middle of the street
neut	the truck is angry because she was abandoned .
cont	two vehicles get driving in a big car
enta	two people are in the vehicle .
enta	some people are holding a person standing .
enta	two vehicles are in the woods .
women in a hat a making selling goods .
8-150-2
neut	women are selling items for a party in a hat
neut	women in a hat are selling cookies .
neut	women are selling items to sell for a new fair .
cont	a man is eating a sandwich at a restaurant .
enta	a woman in a hat is selling food .
8-150-4
neut	two women are selling items for their family 's shop .
neut	a woman is selling items to a child .
neut	women are shopping for a new dress .
cont	the women have not wearing a hat .
cont	the women have no hands
cont	the women are taking a nap .
enta	the women are selling
enta	some women selling goods
enta	woman are selling goods .
8-150-8
neut	women in a hat looking for food to be .
neut	the woman is going through the china .
neut	women buying items at a market .
cont	there are no women involved in the woman .
cont	women eating a sandwich .
cont	the woman drinks lemonade from the store .
cont	the lady in the hat is carrying a baseball .
enta	there are women in a hat .
enta	the women are in a hat .
8-150-16
neut	a group of women is enjoying a day .
cont	women having at a concert in a race .
cont	women ride bikes on the sidewalk .
cont	a single man is giving a speech on his son .
enta	the women are selling goods .
8-150-32
neut	women is lifting up busy .
neut	the women have been a store for dinner .
neut	the women are some vendors for a job .
cont	an african woman is sitting by the ocean .
cont	women watch on the street corner .
enta	the people are selling things .
8-150-147
neut	the women is working on their day out .
neut	people are talking of their items because he is drunk .
cont	a group of nicely served men climbs to a table .
cont	nobody is playing a game
cont	women are watching a movie on tv .
enta	the crowd of women are selling goods .
6-150-8
neut	several women have a red hat in the photo
neut	the women dressed in blue shirt is selling
neut	the ladies dressed in blue clothing are selling
cont	the ladies run away from the grocery store
cont	the men were shopping for the fruit shop
cont	the women sit in the middle of the .
cont	the ladies sit in the park on the ground
enta	the women have been selling goods in their hand
enta	the women dressed in a hat is selling goods
7-150-8
neut	the woman knows how a security is .
neut	a clown gets ready to use .
cont	woman are swimming on
cont	a doctor in a blue shirt doing yardwork
enta	woman is selling goods in her hat .
enta	a person gets something on her equipment .
9-226-8
neut	a woman is putting out a food for sale .
neut	the woman is buying fruit at vegetables .
neut	lady selling clothes to fruit and selling fresh in front of a women .
neut	the woman is selling fruit to fruit .
cont	woman smoking at mcdonalds market .
cont	a woman is eating a burrito
enta	a women is selling produce
a woman in a blue tank-top rides a blue bicycle in front of a crowd of meandering pedestrians .
8-150-2
neut	the woman is wearing a blue shirt and yellow .
neut	a woman rides a bike to the store to start .
cont	a woman is riding in a car
enta	a woman is outside .
enta	a woman is on a bike .
enta	woman riding on bike
8-150-4
neut	a woman is in a hurry to get the crowd .
cont	a woman is riding a horse .
cont	a girl is riding a horse .
cont	the woman is wearing a red dress .
enta	a woman wearing a blue dress is riding a bicycle .
enta	a woman is on a bike .
enta	she is riding a bike .
8-150-8
neut	a female is riding a bike at a park
cont	a woman with tattoos taking a bath
cont	a woman is driving a car .
cont	the woman is walking on a street by a street .
enta	a woman and people are seated .
enta	the woman has a bike
8-150-16
neut	the female is an alcoholic driving a bike .
cont	a man is riding his bike to work .
enta	the human has a bike in front .
enta	a crowd is outdoors
enta	a lady is riding her bike in front of a crowd .
enta	a woman on the bike rides a bike
8-150-32
neut	the old woman stood on her bicycle in front of her home .
neut	a woman in a blue shirt and a blue helmet is riding her .
cont	a man is wearing a pink bathing suit .
cont	woman is watching a movie performance .
cont	woman riding on his black white bike
enta	there is a crowd on a bike .
enta	a woman had a bike in front of people .
enta	a woman near bikers near a very busy crowd .
enta	woman is riding a bicycle on spectators .
8-150-147
neut	a woman is surfing to which help win .
neut	a female is going to direct her stand .
neut	a woman in blue paints a blue rider .
cont	the woman is dressed in the grey of church .
cont	the woman is wearing a green striped bear .
enta	a lady is riding a bicycle in front of a crowd .
6-150-8
neut	an asian woman is riding her a bike
neut	an asian woman is riding her a bike
neut	the women rides the bike to the store .
cont	the women jumps on the trampoline in line
cont	the lady sits on the couch and frowning .
cont	the guy rides his bike in the living room
cont	the boy was riding a bike at home .
enta	the women rides in front of a crowd .
enta	an athlete in a blue suit rides the bike
enta	the lady rides her bike in a blue shirt
7-150-8
neut	a child is enjoying a nice work .
neut	a women waits to finish a rail ride .
neut	she is attending their bike in a race
cont	a person is fast asleep down subway .
cont	a person is parked the moon .
cont	both women is dressed in the classroom .
cont	a person is wearing jeans in bed .
enta	a person is talking through a bicycle stand .
9-226-8
neut	a bike driver is getting ready to go to work on the bike .
neut	some bike is a couple
neut	the jersey is for a single of people .
neut	a woman is enjoying herself riding her bike in the middle of the road .
cont	an old woman wearing a red dress is riding her bike down a hill .
cont	a couple of people were running around the airport station
cont	the woman is driving in the middle of the woods .
enta	the woman is travelling .
enta	a person in shorts is outside
enta	her hair bicycle is driving a bike
a man in a tan shirt is standing at the kitchen counter looking at food .
8-150-2
neut	a man prepares food for his family
neut	a man in a tan shirt is looking at food for breakfast .
cont	a man is looking at the window .
cont	a man is sitting at the table
enta	the man is standing at the kitchen counter .
enta	a man looking at food .
8-150-4
neut	the man is going to get food for his family .
neut	a man prepares a meal for his family .
cont	the man is inside watching tv
cont	a man sits at the table .
enta	a man at the kitchen using food .
enta	a man in a tan shirt looks at food .
8-150-8
neut	a man is old
neut	the man is ready for work .
cont	a man is frowning as he plays .
cont	a woman is standing in the sand , dead .
enta	there is a counter
enta	the man is near a kitchen .
8-150-16
neut	the food is receiving fresh food in a kitchen .
neut	man preparing to use his house
neut	the man is at a market having breakfast .
cont	a person with pants is sitting on his lunch .
cont	a woman decides to go in a park .
enta	a human begs a food counter .
enta	a man in a shirt was looking at the food .
enta	a bird has large color
8-150-32
neut	a man is cooking breakfast for his wife .
cont	a man has blonde play on fire
cont	a male is sitting on the kitchen with food .
enta	a man stands at the kitchen counter
enta	a man stands at the counter .
enta	a man is facing someone on the kitchen .
8-150-147
neut	a man is trying to melt a chanel
cont	a man is paying dinner under a tree .
enta	a man is standing at work while wearing a shirt .
6-150-8
neut	the tall person is wearing an orange shirt
neut	the old man is working at the kitchen
neut	the tall person is sitting in his kitchen
cont	an ice cream kitchen , and the man walks .
cont	an old man in a dress is inside
cont	the boy sits in the kitchen of a kitchen
enta	the men standing at the kitchen is cooking
enta	the guy stands in the kitchen counter food
enta	a male is looking at the food counter .
7-150-8
neut	a worker prepares to a customer .
neut	man is making the meat at kitchen
cont	the two men on the couch are dead
cont	a guy sits on his hands .
cont	no one not share a food food
enta	someone is on something .
enta	a male is holding the house .
9-226-8
neut	a man looks up the menu and his family at the dinner room at the
cont	the man is at an airplane hotel playing poker .
cont	a woman runs down the street with a dog in the park .
cont	a man is building a sand castle in the river .
enta	a guy is working at his home .
a small group of adults and children stand on a cobblestone street outside of an irish pub .
8-150-2
neut	adults and children are waiting for a bus to go .
neut	the people are waiting for a bus .
neut	the people are waiting for a bus .
neut	the people are all wearing the same color .
neut	the people are waiting for the bus to start
neut	the people are waiting for the bus to start
cont	a group of people are sitting in a cafe
cont	the adults are sitting on the bench .
cont	the people are at the beach eating lunch .
enta	the adults are outside
enta	people stand on a street outside of a pub .
enta	there are people standing on a street outside .
enta	there is a small group of adults standing on a street outside .
enta	people are outside
enta	there are people standing outside of a pub .
8-150-4
neut	a group of friends and their children stand on the street .
neut	people are on their way to a party .
neut	the group of people are on their way to work .
neut	adults are waiting for a bus
neut	the small group of people are about to go to the bus .
cont	the group of adults are playing basketball .
enta	some people stand on the street .
enta	a large group of people are waiting on a street
enta	a street is being held by a group of people .
enta	there is a group of people
8-150-8
neut	a family
neut	the adults and children are enjoying the first time on the street .
neut	the group were waiting for the bus
neut	adults and children crying
neut	the group of children are at a crowded park
cont	they are looking at a dog walking through the park .
cont	there are no children in the park
enta	several children are standing on the sidewalk .
enta	a large group of people are outside a busy street .
enta	a group of people standing outside a street .
enta	four people are standing on a street with children
enta	the adults are behind the street .
enta	some children are standing in a street .
8-150-16
neut	some children and women stand on a street performer .
neut	it 's family with the family on a wedding
neut	the kids know to do like the streets are fine .
neut	a group of people are drinking together .
cont	a group of adults stand on a bench outside .
cont	a group of people are eating their lunches on the sidewalk .
enta	a group of people near a pub .
enta	there are humans and children .
enta	a group of adults were standing on the street of a pub
8-150-32
neut	to kids are playing outside of the restaurant .
neut	some adult lovers that an well poor eatery party .
neut	the kids stand on the sidewalk to catch a friend
neut	the fountain will be a line of adults
cont	students are making food on the hot boat .
cont	a street , fellow children and children are inside playing sports
enta	people and children are looking at the animal .
8-150-147
neut	the there 's birthday vacation of what a large group of people .
neut	a group of people are opening up the streets full of friends .
neut	the group of people are waiting for a ferry to arrive .
neut	some people are watching a movie of the asian street .
cont	the empty group is watching a group of people take the television .
cont	the teenagers are barking at the side of the road .
cont	the children are dressed up as any person .
enta	a young child is standing having a time .
6-150-8
neut	the adults and children are standing on their honeymoon
neut	the children stand on the street for the day
cont	the women and children are sitting in the street
cont	the adults sit in the middle of the
cont	the children sit in the middle of the street
enta	the women stand in the street with children
enta	the adults stand behind the pub is outside
enta	several people are standing outside of a pub
enta	the adults and children stand on a street outside .
7-150-8
neut	a girl is putting something down .
neut	the two adults are on vacation .
neut	a boy is about to ride the furniture
cont	adults are inside a church outdoors .
cont	the adults are jumping into each other .
enta	a couple people stand by a pub outside .
enta	a few adults in the public
9-226-8
neut	a crowd of people are waiting for the bus to get to eat .
neut	tall humans and a turtle try to get attention on the ball
neut	a group of people and women wait for a bus stop to get to the
cont	no one is walking across the street to the street
cont	a group of adults sit at a table eating lunch
enta	people are waiting .
enta	a crowd of people walking near the street
enta	a group of people are in the street .
bicyclists are in the street as a crowd watches them ride by a banner that say `` london 2012 '' .
8-150-2
neut	the bicyclists are all
neut	the people are watching a race
neut	they are watching a race for a crowd .
cont	two bicyclists are watching a movie .
cont	the people are sitting in the grass .
cont	the people are walking in the park .
cont	they are watching a movie in the street .
enta	the bikers are in the street .
enta	the bikers are watching a crowd .
enta	a group of people are riding bikes .
8-150-4
neut	the crowd is about to perform in the street .
neut	the bicyclists are doing a trick on the street corner
cont	the bicyclists have their eyes closed .
cont	people are sitting in the middle of the street .
enta	people are riding motorcycles .
enta	bicyclists are being watched by a crowd of people .
enta	pedestrians ride by a banner of people
8-150-8
neut	bikers ride the street to the church .
cont	the bicyclists are sitting in the bus .
cont	the bicyclists are standing in a field .
cont	three cyclists are taking a nap .
enta	people ride a bike .
enta	the bicyclists are heading to a crowd .
8-150-16
neut	the bicycles are hard to start for the first time .
cont	bicyclists flying through a field .
cont	people are running on a sunny street at the park .
cont	an athlete changes a woman alone
enta	a group of people stand in front of a banner
enta	several people on bikes are outdoors .
8-150-32
neut	bicyclists riding for the cops to the crowd
neut	there is a few people trying to skate the banner
neut	a area leader workers are waiting on the motorcycles as they are riding by each
cont	a bicyclist is walking on a picture with a man 's banner .
cont	some people are sitting with garbage bars .
cont	a panda jumping rocks for the crowd
enta	the people are bright , and the crowd in the street .
enta	there are large animals in the street .
8-150-147
neut	the family on the bike was taking part and a military team .
neut	people are shopping at the start to work .
neut	the bicyclists are about to be will be in the city .
cont	the outfits are flying in a riot .
cont	the hikers are standing around the city street .
cont	there are people floating in a forest .
enta	people ride their bikes on a sunny street .
6-150-8
neut	some a people riding the bike 's race
neut	the women watch the bike race by them
cont	the boy sits in the middle of the street
cont	the boy sits in the street with no passengers
cont	the women were playing video games in their home
enta	the men ride in the city street
enta	the men watch the people ride the bike
7-150-8
neut	bike biker just won a of ride
cont	the group has seen riding horses .
enta	bike bicyclists were riding down an street .
enta	a person is waving by a banner for the parade
enta	a lot of motorcyclists are is outdoors .
9-226-8
neut	tourists are doing a trick sign .
neut	pedestrians are riding in a group of people with their parents look on their bikes
neut	one of the bicyclists were talking to each other to their parents .
cont	the person is riding his bike through the park
cont	a group of riders wait for a bus .
cont	the mall is occuring on the sidewalk .
enta	bicyclists are riding to the crowd
a family holding hands in the snow are behind a man and his son , whom is wearing a blue jacket .
8-150-2
neut	the man and his son are playing in the snow .
cont	the family is in the snow with their mother .
cont	a man and his son are sitting on a bench .
cont	a family is holding hands and walking down a street .
enta	the family is outside in the snow .
enta	a family and are on the snow .
enta	there is a man and a man .
enta	the family is holding hands and is outside .
8-150-4
neut	two people wearing the winter weather are about to go to the store .
cont	two people are swimming in the ocean .
cont	a man is playing a game of soccer .
cont	a family of people sit at a table
cont	a family watches the sunset
enta	the family is holding hands in the snow as a man and his son .
enta	the family was at a snow hill .
enta	two people are in the snow .
enta	people are holding hands and a boy .
8-150-8
neut	a father and his son just finished a time together .
cont	the man and the family are watching a football game .
cont	two family running a race
cont	the old man was eating a man .
enta	family gathering in the snow
enta	an old couple are in the snow .
enta	the family carrying a man in snow .
8-150-16
neut	a father holds his son while holding hands as his brother watches .
cont	two children sit in a cafe .
cont	a family are sitting at a fancy buffet .
cont	a family of their child are jumping in the snow .
cont	it is sunny and the man .
enta	a group of family objects together .
enta	a father and his father climb a man and a man
8-150-32
neut	a father and his child are happily about the park outside .
neut	a family pretends their money and two big money and other other people
neut	the family just won the race outside .
cont	the father and son are sleeping on the ground .
cont	a father and daughter are asleep on the ground .
enta	the people and his son have hands in the snow .
enta	two men are outside and playing .
enta	the man is surrounded by him .
8-150-147
neut	a family in a straw shirt and his brother is about to fall .
neut	two guys are dressed up for a photograph .
neut	two people are waiting for a bus crew .
neut	two people are talking during a local wedding .
cont	a family is dancing in a room .
cont	the man is washing his dog 's picture .
cont	a 6 woman in a jacket and no recently recently into a pink jacket .
cont	the family is holding onto the stove .
enta	a couple with hands in the snow on their dad .
6-150-8
neut	the boy likes the couple in his hands
neut	the man just got done running in the snow
cont	the men were playing in the living room
cont	the dog jumps into the water in a field
enta	the men holding hands in the snow the snow
enta	the man 's hands is holding a man
enta	the men hold hands in the snow together .
7-150-8
neut	a family doing his grandfather on the ground .
neut	a family is watching someone taking a walk .
neut	three family are celebrating their snow on the snow .
cont	no one is holding a baby .
cont	friends are walking down top street to the truck
cont	the two people is walking down the sidewalk .
cont	the father was on their house .
enta	a person in a blue jacket .
9-226-8
neut	a family is taking their lunch break outside .
cont	a family is swimming at the beach
cont	a family of dogs are chasing each other to the beach .
cont	a family is flying together .
cont	a family is running to work .
enta	a family stands in the background with a group of people .
the brown and white dog is playing in the snow .
8-150-2
neut	the dog is playing with a toy
cont	the cat is playing .
enta	a dog plays outside .
enta	a dog is outside
enta	the dog is playing outside
8-150-4
neut	the dog is very happy .
neut	the brown dog is very young
neut	a dog is chasing a rabbit .
cont	an empty dog eating food .
enta	a brown and white dog is outside .
enta	a dog is playing outside .
enta	animals are playing in the snow .
8-150-8
neut	the brown dog is catching a frisbee in the snow .
cont	the dog sleeps on the sofa
cont	the white dog is sleeping in the snow .
enta	an animal is near the snow .
enta	there are two brown animals .
8-150-16
neut	a dog plays the toys on his day .
neut	the chocolate and white and white and white and white of dog playing in the
cont	a cat is digging in a tent .
cont	several cats are sleeping inside .
enta	a dog playing in the snow .
8-150-32
neut	two dogs are playing with a school trip
neut	the dogs are playing outside with his dog .
cont	the dog is playing with the blue shark .
enta	the dog is outdoors somewhere .
8-150-147
neut	2 dog in green to play fetch while in the snow .
cont	the small dog is eating breakfast in the cold .
cont	a minivan plays with the bay on the snow
enta	a dog is playing with a white animal .
6-150-8
neut	the dogs play in the snow with their owner
cont	the dog was playing in the living room
cont	the cat swims in the middle of the ocean
enta	an animal playing in the snow with snow
enta	an animal with a white dog playing outside .
7-150-8
neut	a new dogs takes the snow
neut	the brown dog was of his friends 's leash .
cont	a dog is playing at home napping .
cont	the two cat is sitting on there
cont	dog playing laser ball while a cat .
enta	the brown dog is with snow nearby outside .
9-226-8
neut	dog playing outside with its owner .
neut	a dog takes his day because day to get to the top of the mountain
cont	a dog is on the beach
cont	the dog ran a cat in the rain
enta	a dog stands in the snow
enta	a dog is in the snow .
a person is standing on top of a snow covered mountain .
8-150-2
neut	a mountain is being taken for a family
neut	the person is a woman
cont	the person is sitting on the ground in the snow .
cont	a person is sitting on a couch .
cont	a person is sitting on the ground in the snow
cont	the person is on a boat .
enta	a person is on top of a snow covered mountain
enta	a person is standing on a snow covered mountain .
enta	the person is on a snow covered mountain .
8-150-4
neut	a person standing and looking for the snow .
neut	the person is a man and his wife
cont	the person is at the ocean .
cont	a woman sitting on a snowy mountain .
cont	a person sleeping
enta	a person is on a snowy mountain
enta	a person is outside .
8-150-8
neut	the person is a man
neut	a person is playing in the snow
cont	a man is sleeping on his bed .
cont	nobody is next to the mountain .
enta	a human under
enta	the person is outside
8-150-16
neut	a man is on the snow covered mountain while wearing a yellow shirt .
neut	a man is mountain
cont	a guy is afraid of a mountain
cont	a man is inside snow wood .
enta	a person talks to snow
enta	a person is standing on a snowy mountain .
8-150-32
neut	the person is playing a game of best .
neut	a younger person stands on the mountain for a first time outside .
neut	a person is holding hands while walking her friend
cont	the person is inside a church
cont	the hike will looked into the sky .
cont	a man is dancing by the mountain .
enta	a person rests over a mountain .
8-150-147
neut	a woman is standing on a snow down mountain .
cont	a rich man is not standing on the beach .
enta	a person is standing on the top of a snowy mountain .
enta	a person is standing on the snow .
enta	the person is outdoors while a person is standing on the snow .
enta	a person is standing on a snow jacket .
6-150-8
neut	the old man stands on top of snow clouds
neut	a boy is going to get a tan
cont	the dog jumps off the ground in the
cont	an ice is laying in the snow , skiing
cont	the dogs sit on the ground , watching tv
cont	an individual of the top of the snow tub
enta	the snowboarder stands on top of his mountain
enta	an individual standing on top of snow .
enta	the man stands on top of a mountain
7-150-8
neut	a guy is taking the snowy of mountain .
cont	the men swimming the snow board .
enta	a person is getting from a snow together .
enta	a person is touching something in a mountain
9-226-8
neut	a person is wearing a helmet .
neut	a person about to go skiing .
cont	the person is wearing a green coat and dancing .
cont	an elephant stands on top of the mountain .
cont	an animal sits at a ski lodge gear in the snow .
enta	a person stands near the snow
enta	the person standing in the snow
reflections of people walking in a big city .
8-150-2
neut	people walk to work in a city .
neut	the people are going to a party
cont	the people are sitting in the grass .
cont	there are no people walking in the city .
cont	there is a group of people sitting in a chair
cont	people are walking in a park .
enta	people walk in a city .
enta	people walk through a city in a city .
enta	there is more than one person .
enta	a group of people are walking in a city .
8-150-4
neut	it is raining .
neut	many people walking to work in the city
cont	a group of people are sitting .
cont	the group of people are asleep on the couch .
cont	there are people in the pool .
enta	there are people walking .
enta	people are walking .
enta	the people walk in a city .
8-150-8
neut	the city square have people are hard .
cont	there are people running on the road .
enta	people are crossing the city .
8-150-16
neut	people around the city to take her picture
neut	the people are well walking towards the city .
cont	people sitting on a park bench
cont	someone eats at home .
cont	the little coffee is eating a pretzel .
cont	crowds numbers is walking past a small mall .
enta	there is a high group of people walking .
enta	a people on mass are walking in a big city .
8-150-32
neut	there is a busy city town to the best show .
neut	people are doing their day in a city .
neut	a crowd gather to get out of the city .
neut	a city of people were looking for a pet 's .
cont	the people were dancing gracefully .
cont	people were sleeping at a dinner table .
enta	there is a group of people walking in the city .
enta	some people are walking in a city near a city .
8-150-147
neut	a man is walking on the neighborhood sidewalk .
neut	the people have a company on the way they a store .
neut	the people are walking in the street meeting .
cont	male just alone in the middle of the city .
cont	people are running around in the city .
cont	people are running through a home country .
cont	the people are at a hospital
enta	there is a group of people with an standing walking .
enta	people in a few sort walking through the city .
6-150-8
neut	the women were a long time at the city
neut	the tall person was walking in the park outside .
cont	the dogs were playing in the park .
cont	the dog jumps in the middle of water .
cont	the dog eats a sandwich in the living room .
cont	an empty city with people in a field
enta	the crowd walks in the city with people
7-150-8
neut	a crowd is reflecting for the grocery grocery store
cont	kids are walking on the beach .
cont	a couple are laying up in a school .
cont	a bunch of people cooking a stove
cont	the two people are lying on blue swimsuits .
enta	the group of tourists is walks
9-226-8
neut	people are around the city square for the first time .
neut	the woman in the colorful dress is walking through a city
cont	the men are walking on the grass .
cont	the city has no legs drawn in the city
cont	people are sitting in a desert .
enta	the people are walking in a city .
enta	there are several people in the city .
enta	several people walking down a city street .
three oklahoma sooners playing football against another team , one of the sooners with the ball in their possession .
8-150-2
neut	the teams are playing football in the park .
neut	the football game is about to start .
cont	the quarterback are playing baseball .
cont	a football game is in the middle of the ocean .
enta	the football players are playing football .
enta	the football players are playing football
enta	men playing football
enta	football players are playing football
8-150-4
neut	a family plays football at the park .
neut	two football players are about to play football .
cont	two football players are taking a nap on a bench .
cont	the basketball has a football .
cont	three boys are playing a game of soccer in a field .
enta	the group of players are playing a game .
enta	two football players are playing a game
enta	some football players are playing football
enta	two teams play football , one is playing a game .
8-150-8
neut	three men getting ready to throw a football .
neut	the football players are skilled at their team .
neut	the football players are racing .
cont	the men are making balloons .
cont	they play hockey in the pool .
enta	the men are kicking .
enta	the football game is in progress .
enta	two football players on a football field .
8-150-16
neut	the john players are racing for the big game
neut	five big league two stop are playing .
cont	five cats are doing laundry .
cont	an ice cream truck is attacking the baseball .
cont	five cats are playing football outdoors .
enta	the three dogs are playing football .
enta	the men are playing football .
enta	it showed is outside where others are playing football .
enta	two baseball teams are playing .
8-150-32
neut	the three teams are very ready to be teams .
cont	two females are playing sports on a basketball .
cont	the couple are seated in the locker room .
enta	there 's a football game on stage .
8-150-147
neut	the business runners are wearing costumes and a green game .
cont	three canadians are eating a penalty games .
enta	three summer sides of six and ball runners .
enta	the rival from the league league player are playing football .
6-150-8
neut	the team plays the football game for a group
neut	the boys play football in the middle of july
cont	the team played the game in the living room .
cont	the man stands in the middle of the street
cont	the dog was sleeping in the court room
enta	the player was playing in the football .
7-150-8
neut	a guys on their ball in championship
neut	the two wrestlers in team for a goal .
cont	some people go up the tennis player
cont	the football player is walking on the park
enta	the player was playing a game .
enta	the football player in a two play outside .
9-226-8
neut	the team dodges the winning at a game .
neut	the football game with the score .
neut	three teams play on the same team for the game .
neut	the three white teams have started race .
cont	the football players were playing video games at the park .
cont	a white team is about to eat dinner .
cont	the teams are at a party .
enta	three football players are in the circle
three people are kayaking in dark waters .
8-150-2
neut	people are kayaking on a river in the water .
neut	three people are at a beach in the rain .
cont	three people go fishing in a desert .
cont	three people are sitting on a couch .
enta	there are people in the water .
enta	there are people in the water
enta	people kayaking
enta	three people are kayaking
8-150-4
neut	three people are watching the ocean .
neut	three people are going fishing in their river .
neut	the people are looking at the ocean .
neut	the people are getting ready to swimming in the ocean .
cont	the three people are swimming in the ocean .
cont	three people are cooking dinner .
cont	three people are sleeping in the sand
enta	some people in the water .
enta	the three people are in a kayak .
8-150-8
neut	some three people are fishing for fun .
cont	three people jump to get to the beach .
cont	three people are playing .
cont	there are several people sitting on the water .
enta	there are three people in water .
enta	three people in a ocean .
8-150-16
neut	five friends in very seven fisherman .
cont	three people are eating at the restaurant .
cont	no one is hiking on the beach
cont	three people are just surfing at a wedding .
enta	three people boats in a rapid of boats .
8-150-32
neut	three people have been taking a picture of the kayaks .
neut	the ladies and have been kayaking in a boat
neut	four people are hiking the lake together .
cont	there are no people in the water by themselves .
cont	a trio of people are hiking in the beach
enta	three people were by a shore .
enta	there are kayakers in the ocean .
8-150-147
neut	two people are outside hiking in the ocean .
neut	three people are going sledding during the winter .
cont	a large man is swimming on a lake .
cont	three people are fighting in a rapid .
cont	two people are going to go near a desert .
enta	several people are near the boat .
enta	a group of people embrace from the boat .
6-150-8
neut	the tall dressed wearing kayak in shore
neut	the men just got a date of the water
neut	three people at the beach are having fun
cont	the boys were sitting in the living room
cont	the men sitting in the boat in the
cont	the dog was sitting in a park chair
enta	the couple together on a raft near water
enta	a couple is kayaking in the water outside
7-150-8
neut	the group is taking kayaking at summer camp .
neut	ten is kayaking diving around the fishing event .
neut	these along a group out the lake
cont	the group is walking through the sand
cont	the two other of friends eat .
cont	a couple are performing surgery swim .
enta	three people are in a raft and raft .
9-226-8
neut	the people are on vacation to the beach and the lake .
neut	the three people are headed to the ocean .
neut	the men and women are in a lake
cont	no people sit on the boat .
cont	three people sit on a couch
enta	three people have to get wet
enta	three people are going fishing .
enta	some people are in a canoe
soldier watches as a train zooms by .
8-150-2
neut	a soldier watches a train tracks to the ocean
neut	a man is watching a train go to work .
cont	a man watching tv on the couch .
cont	two boys are watching a movie .
enta	a man is watching a train .
enta	soldier is watching a train .
enta	there is a person watching a train .
8-150-4
neut	an soldier watching a train to go to the store .
cont	a soldier is watching a movie .
cont	a man is playing basketball .
cont	the soldier is playing the piano .
enta	the soldier watches as the train looks at .
enta	the soldier watches as the train looks down .
enta	the soldier was watching a train and the soldiers are watching .
enta	the soldier is watching the train
8-150-8
neut	the man is smiling as he uses the train .
neut	there is a soldier in hawaii costume .
cont	the police is running down the street
cont	girl eats a slice of pizza
enta	a soldier is having a train station .
enta	the soldier ran by the train .
8-150-16
neut	the soldier is waiting to be .
cont	all the cars are not stopping anything
cont	a group of firemen waiting on the bus .
cont	a woman sleeps in a train waiting to go by .
enta	street juggler is riding
enta	a group of people are stopped at a train .
8-150-32
neut	the policemen are in a road meet .
neut	the athletes have very different colors
neut	the policemen are as a police day race .
cont	a dog eats their food truck .
cont	a man watches his daughters play in a windowless .
enta	the people are posing with a train wave .
enta	a child is performing stunts .
8-150-147
neut	the police are having a great photo ready .
neut	the police are blocking an item during the train .
cont	the monkey is on the kitchen swing .
cont	the man is swimming with his friends
cont	the man is running on a train holding the train .
cont	he is dressed at the pet 's outfits .
enta	a male wore tickets and is posing by a train .
6-150-8
neut	the soldier loves the train in a train station
neut	an man is doing tricks with his friends
neut	security at a train he wants to be day
cont	the soldier chases the train in a car
cont	an old man watching the train on the ground
cont	an empty street a train with the soldiers
enta	a man is in front of a train camera
enta	the soldier watches the train to go the train
7-150-8
neut	the man moved the train using his wife
neut	a man loves his friend to fly something .
cont	a girl is sitting a polar bear .
cont	a crowd of people fishing a train outside .
cont	a person is working through a cop .
cont	the soldier was not a very orange outside .
enta	he does day the vehicle
9-226-8
neut	the train is working on the railroad .
neut	an indian officer is watching the train to go home .
cont	a guy is going to work on a car
cont	a man is sleeping in his bed
cont	he walks across water .
enta	someone waits with the train tracks .
enta	a male is looking at the gas station .
enta	the soldier is working at a train station
guy in a dark suit , with a cigarette in his right hand while talking on the phone .
8-150-2
neut	a guy is talking to a friend .
neut	a guy is talking to his wife .
cont	girl in a suit
cont	a guy in a black suit is talking on the phone .
enta	the guy is talking on the phone .
enta	there is a man in a suit with a cigarette .
8-150-4
neut	the guy in the picture is talking to his wife on the phone .
neut	the man is working
neut	the guy in the picture is talking to his wife
neut	a guy is talking to his wife on the phone .
cont	the guy in the black suit is holding the phone .
cont	a man in a suit is eating a sandwich .
cont	a man watches a movie .
enta	a person in a suit talking .
enta	the guy is holding something .
enta	a human with a shirt is talking on the phone .
enta	there is a man talking on the phone
8-150-8
neut	the man in the suit is talking to the other friend .
neut	the man may talk his friend 's wedding .
neut	the man is posing for a photo .
cont	a man is running on the beach with his friends .
cont	i is a woman
enta	the guy on the phone is talking to the person .
enta	the guy on the phone
enta	a man in clothing speaks into his phone .
8-150-16
neut	the young man is talking to the newspaper .
neut	man in phone booth walks to lunch with his family .
neut	a man is talking on the phone and his son .
neut	the man is practicing his homework for his party .
cont	the guy is waiting on his bus .
cont	a dog is driving over a bird .
cont	a man eating a sandwich on the sidewalk .
enta	a couple of children in front of a man .
enta	a guy in the picture is talking on his phone
8-150-32
neut	guy with a friend 's phone is trying to get away .
neut	a guy watching two deer are talking outside .
neut	the guy 's smoking was hard straight and soul
cont	a woman is driving with their walkie on hand of their hand .
cont	a guy is doing juggling on his phone .
enta	the man is getting on his phone
enta	a guy is making some cellphone and smoking
enta	a man is looking at phone he is talking .
8-150-147
neut	a guy takes his trip to each other at night .
cont	the man is playing tag by a person .
cont	a man is hanging on a tree and he break
enta	the customer is next to his stand .
6-150-8
neut	the boy was talking to the crowd about home .
cont	the guy drinks the beer is watching tv
cont	an adult in a black suit is sitting down
cont	the boy was listening to music on the phone
enta	a guy with a cigarette is talking to .
enta	the young man stands and talking on his phone
enta	the boy 's hands is holding the phone
enta	the man talking on the phone on the phone
7-150-8
neut	a couple is enjoying purchasing on their wife
neut	someone is selling something at the stop
cont	a lady is driving home from a plane
cont	a woman eats her husband at the kitchen table .
cont	a child likes to a son .
enta	a person is drinking the two person .
9-226-8
neut	an old man is in the office for a cell phones
cont	a guy is reading the newspaper in the park .
cont	the man is nude .
cont	a man is taking a nap on his cell phone .
enta	the guy is working on a cellphone
a woman in a light blue jacket is riding a bike .
8-150-2
neut	the woman is a professional .
cont	a woman is sleeping .
enta	a person is on a bike .
enta	the woman is riding a bike .
enta	a woman is riding a bike .
enta	a woman is on a bike .
8-150-4
neut	a woman is doing tricks on a bike .
cont	a woman is driving a car
cont	a man in a red jacket riding a bike .
enta	a woman in a blue jacket
enta	the lady is riding a bike .
8-150-8
neut	a woman is riding her bike to her house .
neut	a woman is texting her bike .
cont	the woman is sitting on the floor eating a dog .
cont	the woman is in a field .
cont	a bird is playing on the floor
cont	the man is wearing all black at the restaurant .
enta	a woman in a blue jacket is riding a bike .
enta	the woman is by a bike .
enta	a person riding a bike .
enta	a woman is riding a bike .
8-150-16
neut	a woman in a light blue jacket waves the bike for a friend .
cont	the man is riding his bike down the street .
cont	a man is wearing a coat and a t-shirt .
enta	a woman is riding her bike
8-150-32
neut	the woman is riding his bike to meet more the sun .
neut	a girl is riding her bike to her friend 's house .
cont	the woman is building a snowman .
cont	a woman in a green skirt is sleeping at home .
cont	one girl sings by a person
cont	a woman shops on the other legs .
enta	a woman is riding a bike .
enta	the woman is on a bike .
enta	a woman wearing the jacket is riding her bike .
8-150-147
neut	a woman is riding a bike as they try to ride a bike .
neut	a woman is riding a bike past the racetrack .
cont	the woman is patrolling in the front of a church .
cont	a woman dropped her shoes on a motorcycle .
enta	the woman is riding a bike .
6-150-8
neut	the lady loves to ride her bike home .
cont	the boy jumps on the bike in the woods
cont	the guy rides his bike in it .
cont	the women dressed in black pants is running .
enta	the lady rode is riding in her bike
7-150-8
neut	a women is enjoying himself
neut	a sad woman swimming outdoors .
neut	the bike has a flip because she is outside
cont	a woman is dancing on her treadmill
cont	a lady is dancing a dog .
enta	a person is considering some affection .
enta	the blue lady is with his bike out .
9-226-8
neut	a woman rides a bike in the park .
neut	the woman is doing a trick in the park .
neut	a woman is doing tricks in a bike .
cont	a woman is sitting in the back of the ocean .
cont	a woman is swimming with her friend .
cont	the woman is wearing a green shirt and shorts
enta	the woman 's jacket is outside .
enta	a woman riding a bicycle .
enta	a woman is outside
enta	a woman is riding a bike outside .
a brown dog with a blue muzzle is running on green grass .
8-150-2
neut	a brown dog chases a ball in the grass .
neut	a dog is chasing a ball .
neut	a dog is chasing a ball .
cont	a dog is sleeping on the couch .
cont	a dog is sleeping in his bed .
cont	the dog is sleeping
enta	a dog is running .
enta	a dog with a blue top is running on the grass .
enta	a dog is running on the grass
enta	a dog running on grass
8-150-4
neut	an old dog runs after his dog .
neut	a dog is running after a ball to catch a ball .
neut	the brown dog is running after a dog .
cont	a dog is sleeping on the grass .
cont	the dog is carrying a blue .
cont	the dog is eating a sandwich .
enta	the brown dog is outside .
8-150-8
neut	a brown dog is playing fetch with his owner .
neut	two brown dog running on the grass , playing fetch with his owner .
cont	the brown dog is walking on a field .
cont	a blue dog is asleep
cont	a black dog is on the couch .
enta	a dog is near the grass .
enta	a dog is running up the grass .
8-150-16
neut	the three owner is running to catch a big ball
neut	a big dog running on a field chasing obstacles .
neut	a pet running on a sunny day .
cont	a dog is sitting after a frisbee .
cont	the dog looks away from the camera .
cont	the dog plays mice jumping rope .
enta	a dog runs past grass .
enta	the dog is running .
8-150-32
neut	a brown dog has fallen the green horse .
neut	the puppy is running away from the others .
cont	a white dog chases a tree through the world .
cont	a white cat does not playfully in the grass .
enta	a dogs running outside .
8-150-147
neut	a dog ran on a cold lawn with light green grass .
neut	a dog is running with a dangerous tan golden grass .
cont	a dog is being attacked in a bright suit .
enta	the dogs are in the grass ,
6-150-8
neut	the dogs chased in the grass on grass
neut	the dogs were playing in a park outside .
neut	the dog runs to catch the ball outside .
cont	the dog was sleeping in the middle of grass
cont	the cat ran the ball in his mouth
cont	the cat ran on the grass at the park
cont	the dog was asleep on the ground bed
enta	an animal running on a field with grass
enta	an animal with a blue tank runs .
enta	the animal with a blue dirt runs .
7-150-8
neut	a person is competing against his dog in the yard .
cont	the two cats are on top of their house
cont	a child running around his girlfriend alone .
cont	a woman is kicking off the ground .
cont	dog and a child on his phone .
enta	three people are running with in the distance .
9-226-8
neut	the dog 's toy is green and white is angry .
neut	the woman is playing fetch with her dog outside the grass
neut	a dog has done of its owner
cont	the dog is sleeping on a couch .
cont	a dog is swimming in summer
cont	a dog is sleeping inside
cont	a cat drinks milk
enta	the dog is running .
enta	a dog is playing outdoors .
enta	at least one dog are playing in the grass .
a brown dog leaps into water from a rock .
8-150-2
neut	a dog is playing in a lake .
neut	a dog is playing in a lake to catch a stick .
neut	a dog is playing fetch with a ball
cont	a dog is sleeping on the rock .
cont	a dog is chasing a cat .
cont	a dog is sleeping
cont	the dog is playing fetch with a stick .
enta	a dog is in water .
enta	a dog is jumping into water .
enta	the dog is in the water .
8-150-4
neut	a dog plays fetch with his owner .
neut	the brown dog is at the park
neut	a dog is playing with a ball .
cont	the woman is jumping into a pool .
cont	a dog is running through a field .
enta	a dog is jumping .
enta	the dog is jumping into the water .
8-150-8
neut	a dog jump into the rock to get his feet in the water .
neut	a dog is the best of the water .
neut	the brown dog is a master .
neut	a dog is preparing to go swimming .
cont	the dog is napping .
cont	a dog is resting on the beach with his friends
cont	a dog lays after bed inside .
enta	brown dog is outside .
enta	the dog is running around .
enta	a brown dog is on the water
enta	a brown dog is playing outside .
8-150-16
neut	a dalmatian dog is jumping to get a toy .
neut	a dog in the water carrying his owner
cont	the cat leaps into the rock .
cont	a dog sits and the other is walking to the store
enta	a dog has food on it
8-150-32
neut	the dog jumped in the mountain before a meeting .
neut	a dog jumped into the water to move a ball .
neut	the dog is trying to play in a deep .
cont	the dog is eating a fight .
cont	a goat playing in the river
cont	the pet is walking on a dirt day .
enta	a dog is jumping into water
8-150-147
neut	a mountain brown dog is bringing out of the water .
neut	a dog has spent a little can play .
neut	a big dog is jumping back to see its toy .
cont	a dog has a green hole in front of him .
cont	a dog is taking a shower .
enta	a dog is jumping into a rock .
enta	a dog and another dog are jumping into the water .
enta	a dog is jumping across a rock .
6-150-8
neut	the dogs will be playing in a competition
cont	the cat jumps into the water in water
cont	the dog sits in the middle of grass
enta	the dogs leaps into the water from the .
enta	the dog jumps into the water from the water
enta	the dog jumps in the water from water
7-150-8
neut	dogs are being trained for the first time
cont	a girl runs into water on her couch
cont	a girl is laying up at the table
enta	a animal has his butt over
enta	a dog is plays with the water
9-226-8
neut	a dog is playing fetch from the water as he walks through the streets .
neut	they are competing in a competition .
neut	dog playing with a stick in the water
cont	a dog is running away from each other .
enta	a brown dog jumping near water .
enta	a dog is playing outside .
enta	a dog jumping into water .
man in a black suit , white shirt and black bowtie playing an instrument with the rest of his symphony surrounding him .
8-150-2
neut	a man is playing an instrument for a crowd .
neut	a man plays an instrument in a band .
cont	a man plays the guitar .
cont	the man is playing a guitar
cont	the man is playing a guitar .
cont	the man is playing the guitar in the park .
enta	the man is playing music .
enta	a man is playing music .
enta	a person on a group .
enta	a man is playing an instrument .
8-150-4
neut	the violin is performing on stage .
neut	an old man playing an instrument for the crowd .
cont	the woman plays the piano .
cont	a man is eating a meal .
enta	man is playing the violin .
enta	a man is holding a musical instrument .
enta	a man playing an instrument
8-150-8
neut	a man is playing for a crowd in a packed crowd .
neut	a man is almost preparing for a concert .
cont	the man is eating at a bar
cont	old man is sitting on his couch eating lunch .
cont	the man is naked
enta	a man is outside with a musical instrument .
8-150-16
neut	a street performer playing an instrument for a karaoke performance .
neut	the man was an audience at the guitar .
cont	a guy with no black shirt is playing a trombone .
enta	two music children with musical instruments
enta	the man has hair on his musical instrument .
enta	the man is giving a play music
8-150-32
neut	a dancer plays at a concert .
neut	a man is playing the saxaphone for money in his musical .
neut	a man is playing music with a large violin with his music
cont	a man has juggling on his head
cont	a man is waiting at a bus at the audience .
cont	two musicians are playing a guitar .
cont	the man is seated on a roof .
enta	the man is being active of something musicians .
enta	the person is playing a hip .
enta	a person was playing an instrument
8-150-147
neut	a man plays the cello at a concert .
neut	a man is playing a violin trying to make him .
neut	a man is playing a violin with his songs .
cont	a man is playing a red mat .
cont	a man is jumping to a girl
cont	a man and his horn in a park where others are wearing green .
enta	a man is playing an instrument .
enta	a man is playing a music instrument .
6-150-8
neut	the men performing at the local park play
neut	the tall person was playing at a park
cont	the dog sleeping in the living room .
cont	the man was listening to music in the park
enta	the man 's shirt is black in white
enta	the man was playing at an music .
7-150-8
neut	a guy stands in a large black suit .
neut	a man listens to the concert music .
cont	a woman stares at the concert 's orchestra .
cont	the men is waving by a large child .
cont	a human drives an extremely apartment outside .
enta	a guy has a instrument
9-226-8
neut	the man has a musician in his band .
neut	a man is trying to play guitar .
neut	a man plays an instrument for the crowd at the city .
cont	a man is asleep in bed
cont	a man is on fire
cont	a drummer is in the sleeping room
enta	there is a man playing a song .
enta	the man is playing an instrument .
a girl in a field with a yellow scarf .
8-150-2
neut	the girl is at the park with her family .
cont	a girl is wearing a blue scarf
cont	a girl is wearing a blue scarf and holding a yellow scarf .
cont	the girl is wearing a dress .
enta	a girl is wearing a hat
enta	the girl is holding a yellow scarf .
enta	there is a girl in a field with a scarf .
8-150-4
neut	a girl is about to go to the park .
neut	a girl is playing with her friends .
neut	a girl is at the park
neut	the girl is playing with her friends .
cont	a girl is eating a sandwich at the bar .
cont	a girl is at home watching a movie .
cont	the woman is wearing a red scarf
enta	a girl is wearing a scarf with a yellow scarf .
enta	a person watching .
enta	there is a girl
8-150-8
neut	a girl is celebrating her mom 's hat .
neut	a girl is practicing for the big game .
neut	she is posing for the camera .
cont	the girl is swimming .
cont	a girl wearing a red scarf is at the top of a field of practicing
enta	a girl dressed in a field teams is being held by a woman .
enta	a woman is holding a yellow purse
enta	the girl is outdoors .
enta	a child is wearing a grey scarf .
8-150-16
neut	the girl is getting ready to go out a place of a flag .
neut	the people are bowling for a charity show .
cont	a girl is riding with dog on a hot summer day .
cont	the bus is light for .
cont	a girl goes on swim .
enta	a girl dressed in a field
8-150-32
neut	somebody is going to school .
neut	a tall girl in a field watching the girl
neut	girl picking up kimonos into a field .
cont	a guy if be a long hair in a field after his day .
cont	the girl is laying down and holds the other .
enta	girl with a yellow scarf
enta	there is a girl in the same .
8-150-147
neut	the girl is around to practice target .
neut	a girl is selling another teeth .
cont	the girl is standing up and smoking a multicolored colored .
enta	a girl has a yellow scarf .
6-150-8
neut	the kid likes to play with the blue
cont	the man sits in the park eating lunch
cont	the boy was in the middle of the .
cont	the girls has a blue on him
cont	the young girl swims in the a pool
enta	an girl wearing a scarf is standing .
enta	the girl sits in the field of the field
enta	the girl stands with a scarf in it
7-150-8
neut	the dressed flowers is waiting to children
cont	a child is playing sitting down at night .
cont	a girl is drinking from a truck .
enta	a child has his mouth on something
enta	the girl was near the yellow scarf .
9-226-8
neut	a girl is taking a picture of dogs .
neut	a woman kicks her son in the middle of a field
cont	a girl is sitting on a couch .
cont	a woman is cooking dinner .
cont	a girl is driving a car .
cont	there is a girl in purple and blue in a field .
enta	the girl has something on her head .
enta	a person is sitting
the dog is walking in the snow .
8-150-2
neut	the snow is cold .
neut	the dog is a dog
neut	the dog is walking in the snow to get his first time .
cont	the dog is sleeping .
cont	a dog is inside
cont	the dog is sitting on a couch .
enta	a dog is walking in the snow .
enta	a dog is walking outside .
enta	the dog is outside
enta	a dog is walking in the snow .
8-150-4
neut	the dog is going to get a ball .
neut	a dog walks through the snow to get a ball .
cont	the dog is swimming in the ocean
cont	a dog is sitting in the snow on a sofa .
cont	the cat has a bone .
cont	a dog eating a bone
enta	there is a dog outside .
enta	a dog is outside .
enta	an animal is walking
enta	the dog is walking outdoors .
8-150-8
neut	a puppy is trying to get out of the snow .
neut	a black dog in the snow is going to the store .
cont	a dog and a cat are swimming in the lake .
cont	a cat is carrying a puppy on a sled .
cont	a cat catching a cat into the ocean .
enta	a dog rides a snow on the ground .
8-150-16
neut	an american dog and his owner make the snow so the dog
neut	the dog is asking another man from a stick .
neut	a dog is chewing the wet gear .
cont	a dog sleeping in the snow
cont	a dog is running through the snow .
cont	the dog is lying on the ground .
enta	the dogs walking in the snow .
enta	a dog is outside
enta	animal walking in snow .
8-150-32
neut	a dog in pants pants walking in the snow .
cont	the dog is running in the dirt .
cont	a cat is flying balloons in his .
cont	the dog is asleep with his father .
enta	a dog is walking with snow near snow .
8-150-147
neut	the dog is scared of the snow .
neut	the dad is walking through the snow ahead .
neut	the dog is walking away from the snow .
cont	chef is now now on the rink
cont	the dog is sitting in the practice .
cont	a dog is laying on the snow .
enta	a dog is walking in the snow .
enta	a dog is walking in the snow .
6-150-8
neut	the dog 's owner is walking in the snow
cont	the dog sits on the grass with the ball
cont	the cat sits in the snow with the ball
cont	the dog was sleeping in the snow outside
cont	the dog sitting on the ground is sitting down
enta	the dog walks in the snow with snow
enta	an animal has a dog on a snow .
7-150-8
neut	a pets are going towards a cat outside .
neut	the snow has fallen a snow slope .
neut	the large dog is looking for the snow
cont	a woman is hiking around
cont	there are white dog swims in the pool .
cont	a cat loves there along a boat
cont	the two dogs in their white dance store
enta	the animal is putting snow at .
enta	a dog jumps in snow with a toy outside .
9-226-8
neut	the dog is a cocker .
cont	the dog is running through a field .
cont	a dog is laying down
cont	a dog is surfing in the mud .
enta	there is a dog in a snow looking at the snow
enta	a dog walks in the snow
enta	a animal is leaping through snow .
enta	a dog is walking outside .
a man skateboarding at a skateboarding park which is covered in graffiti .
8-150-2
neut	a man is skateboarding in a race
neut	a man is skateboarding in a race
cont	the man is in the middle of the ocean .
cont	the man is riding a bike
cont	a man is skateboarding at a bmx park .
enta	a man is skateboarding outside
enta	a man rides his skateboard in the city
enta	a man is skateboarding outside .
enta	a man is skateboarding outside .
8-150-4
neut	the man is an athlete
neut	a man is doing a trick on a skateboard .
neut	a man is doing a trick at the park .
cont	a guy riding a skateboard at the beach .
cont	the skater is flying in the air .
cont	a man is skating on the beach
enta	a person skateboarding in the park .
enta	the man is on a skateboard .
enta	a skateboarder rides around in the park .
enta	someone is skateboarding .
8-150-8
neut	the skateboarder is happy .
neut	a man is skateboarding for a crowd
cont	a construction man is knitting a boat at the park .
cont	a man riding a bike on the street in the park .
cont	the man is sitting at his desk .
enta	man riding a skateboard outside a park
8-150-16
neut	the man is jumping to his skateboard skateboard .
neut	a man is done tricks down skateboarding in winter .
cont	a man is skating on a sandy beach .
cont	a man is jumping off a boat .
cont	a man is skateboarding on a hill in his backyard .
enta	a man is doing skateboard tricks .
enta	there is a man in concrete .
enta	a person using a skateboard at a skate park .
enta	a man is riding his skateboard .
8-150-32
neut	the skateboard park is huge with stickers .
neut	there is a helmet on skateboarding for the skate park .
cont	a man with a time on bicycles
cont	the male biker is taking a nap .
cont	he is playing a friends of biking .
cont	the person is taking a nap inside of the school .
enta	someone is shown wearing high .
enta	a skateboarder is riding with a skateboarder .
8-150-147
neut	a man is filming a trick on the skateboard .
cont	the man is riding the bike down the highway .
cont	a shirtless man hits a cricket in the middle of a park .
cont	the man is hiding in the city but he does n't have any ropes .
enta	a guy is skateboarding together on a park park .
6-150-8
neut	the boy was skateboarding in the park with him
neut	the skateboarder was skateboarding in front of a crowd
neut	the old man was skateboarding in a park
cont	an elderly woman skateboards at the grocery store .
cont	the old man is sitting in his car
enta	the man skateboards in the park skateboarding .
enta	an athlete at a skateboard park in the park
7-150-8
neut	a person is participating at the bicycle park park .
cont	the two skateboarders is on mars .
cont	a girl performing in her car show ever
cont	a child is doing jumping jacks .
enta	a male is skateboard up in a outdoors .
9-226-8
neut	the man is wearing a helmet
neut	he is wearing a helmet
cont	an old man is running on the beach .
enta	the guy is skateboarding outside .
enta	there is a male skateboarding in the city
enta	a man is doing skateboarding .
several people wait to checkout inside a store with a warehouse looking ceiling .
8-150-2
neut	people are waiting for the store to open
neut	the people are shopping for grocery store
cont	the people are outside .
cont	some people are eating .
enta	there are people outside .
enta	the people are waiting to board a store .
enta	several people are waiting to board a store .
8-150-4
neut	people are waiting to get into the store .
neut	the people just finished their last car
cont	the people are inside watching tv .
cont	several people are sleeping on the floor .
cont	there are no people .
enta	several people wait to smoke .
enta	several people wait to get in the store
enta	people wait to be fed .
enta	a group of people waiting to get outside .
8-150-8
neut	it 's a sunny day in the store .
neut	a group of children are preparing to buy an apple at the store .
cont	people ride a bus in a parking lot .
cont	these clowns do n't walk on the store .
enta	there are people getting wet .
enta	three people are at a store .
enta	people near a store .
8-150-16
neut	a lone buy store with clothes to go to a store .
neut	the father 's backpack is orange and is the same hotel .
cont	a group of people are crying at home .
cont	the people are having a picnic .
cont	some people do n't see a store
enta	the people are waiting to watch something .
enta	many people is traveling to a store .
enta	many people are waiting for a store
8-150-32
neut	the people are participating in a store sale .
neut	people are going to meet out of a store .
cont	children are doing squats at the park .
cont	no angry type in a cardboard store .
cont	cats grouped waiting for a group .
enta	there is a person outdoors waiting to see the window .
enta	several people in the goods of a store .
8-150-147
neut	the people have going to eat hot .
neut	the people are at a shopping trip
cont	a mountain tribe in a restaurant stand by the building .
cont	there is a group of people sitting on a curb .
cont	a stand of people are sitting at a cafe .
cont	a group of people are running away from the store .
enta	a person at his job stand and things in a subway .
6-150-8
neut	the man wants to sell the grocery store
neut	the women were waiting for someone in the
neut	several people waiting to eat a hot dog outside
neut	the men standing in the store looking .
cont	several people sit in the store with the store
cont	one man shopping in the store with the store
enta	the crowd waits to the store with the store
enta	several people walking in the store in their store
7-150-8
neut	some people march the their store .
cont	a family has a light part 's road .
cont	five people are driving up the mall
cont	one person was doing a sale inside the store .
enta	the two are on some furniture .
enta	a couple is gathering around a store .
9-226-8
neut	people are celebrating a store for the store to buy their job .
neut	a group of people waiting for bus to get home in the store
neut	the customers are waiting on a bus in an open window .
neut	the store is full of people .
cont	the people are standing outside the store window shopping .
cont	some people are walking down a street .
cont	people are standing in the snow and waiting for the train .
enta	some people are sitting in a store .
enta	the people are waiting outside in the store .
enta	the people inside and store bags .
a person in a blue plaid shirt is writing on a chalkboard .
8-150-2
neut	the person is reading a book to a group of people .
neut	the person is reading a book on the chalkboard .
neut	a person is reading a book on a chalkboard .
neut	a young boy teaches on a chalkboard
cont	a person is sleeping on a chalkboard .
enta	a person in a plaid shirt is writing on a chalkboard .
enta	the person is in a shirt .
enta	a person is reading on a chalkboard .
enta	the person is reading on a chalkboard .
8-150-4
neut	person doing the school to get ready to eat
cont	the person is sleeping .
cont	a person is writing on a notepad
enta	an individual is doing something .
enta	the person has hair .
enta	a person in a blue plaid shirt
8-150-8
neut	a sad man in a blue plaid shirt is reading a book .
neut	a person is preparing for the day .
neut	the person is opening a birthday .
cont	a man operates a banana .
cont	the person in a blue sweater is playing a game of tennis .
cont	the person on the bike is very happy .
enta	the person sits back on a chalkboard .
8-150-16
neut	a gymnast is writing a book .
neut	a guy is on a boat for its birthday party .
cont	a person talks on the phone
cont	someone wearing a pink shirt is drawing on a chalkboard .
cont	a couple of little puppies are sitting in their lunch break .
cont	a man was riding in a car .
enta	a person is using concentrating on a chalkboard .
8-150-32
neut	someone is part of a scene scene .
neut	the man is getting a presentation to be used .
neut	a librarian is experimenting with a notes on him .
cont	a person is reading on the phone .
cont	the person is making air air off on the chalkboard .
cont	a person in a white plaid shirt was running with the harp .
cont	a person playing guitar
enta	a man wearing a blue plaid shirt and a plaid shirt is writing .
8-150-147
neut	a person is reading a book report .
cont	a man is putting a stereo taken .
cont	woman is building a bridge with no umbrella .
cont	the person is not standing while wearing a t-shirt .
enta	a person is thinking at his body .
6-150-8
neut	an old woman in a blue plaid shirt .
neut	an old woman is writing on a chalkboard
neut	the boy just got a haircut while .
cont	the guy rides his bike in his car .
cont	the guy sits on the ground , drinking water
cont	the dog was in the middle of side
enta	an individual is writing on the same chair
enta	the human was writing on the a chalkboard
7-150-8
neut	a person is working against others .
neut	a person is working a book to a crowd .
cont	a woman is sleeping after school .
cont	young boy is playing a game together .
cont	young girl is jumping in a car .
enta	a person is dressed in a plaid .
9-226-8
neut	the person writing on a class .
neut	a professor is working at his writing in a library .
neut	a person is looking for notes for the day
cont	a single person is dancing .
cont	a man is skateboarding on a skateboard .
enta	a person is indoors
a man in a black jacket and blue jeans carries a bouquet of red roses along a city sidewalk past a bus stop .
8-150-2
neut	the man is a professional bug .
cont	the man is in a black jacket
enta	the man is outside
enta	a man is wearing a jacket
enta	a man in a black jacket and blue jeans is carrying a bouquet .
enta	a man has a bouquet .
8-150-4
neut	a man is waiting for his wife to come out of the bus .
neut	some man plays their favorite wedding .
neut	the man is trying to get a haircut
cont	a man is riding his bike .
cont	the man has a red jacket .
cont	a man is driving down the street .
enta	a man carries a bouquet of flowers .
enta	the flowers are in a city .
enta	a person in a black jacket is carrying flowers on the sidewalk .
enta	a man is at a bus .
8-150-8
neut	the man is older than the snow .
neut	a man is carrying something with his christmas christmas .
neut	a man is carrying his christmas gift in a city city .
cont	the man was drinking a soda of ice cream
cont	a man dressed in blue is carrying a purple flowers .
enta	the man is carrying a bouquet .
enta	a man is holding a flowers flowers .
8-150-16
neut	a man stole something of flowers on tour of a city .
neut	a man fell on his school to his car to get home .
neut	the man is a sales .
cont	the man is on his garden
cont	a man playing with a chainsaw of flowers .
cont	the man is sitting and thinking about his bottle .
enta	a man was carrying a bus stop .
enta	the man is going dressed in black .
8-150-32
neut	a man in a black jacket and blue jeans leads a friend .
neut	a man accepting the tourist of the circus in sunday with a soda party .
neut	the man is upset with the blue poles on the sidewalk .
cont	a man in a black jacket and a pink shirt stretches a cathedral .
cont	a woman holds a hot flower truck
cont	the dirt water of the girls is not wearing a black jacket .
cont	the woman is riding a red jacket
enta	the man is staring in a town .
8-150-147
neut	a man is going to run wearing a blue jacket
neut	a man is trying to win some roses off the street .
cont	the man and woman are sitting in front of a bus .
cont	a man dances in a middle of the street that is on a bus .
cont	the woman with the shirt is a shark .
enta	a man in front of the street leads others .
6-150-8
neut	the tall person was holding the red yellow couple
neut	an asian man is walking to his outside
neut	the men just got done shopping in the city
cont	the dog sleeping in the bed is sleeping
cont	the police officer is sitting in a car
cont	the dog sleeps on the couch 's lap
cont	the man sits on the couch in the city
enta	the men carrying the red shirt are going outside
enta	the guy carrying the red shirt is a man
7-150-8
neut	a person just won a bus in school .
neut	a professional is full of .
neut	a male is enjoying his on downtown
cont	a girl is taking long the llama .
cont	a child is sitting near a building .
enta	a man is exiting by a vehicle
9-226-8
neut	a man is selling fruit from a bus
neut	a man is carrying home to the marketplace .
neut	a man has his hands up a moving to an his toy store .
cont	a man holds his bicycle to the bus stop .
cont	a man throwing food and jumping into the air to his truck .
cont	a man is flying in the air on a sunny day .
enta	a man is standing outside .
a man in black reading a book for a group of people .
8-150-2
neut	a man reads a book to his wife at a party .
neut	a man is reading a book in the park .
cont	a woman is reading a book .
enta	a man in black is reading a book
enta	a man is reading
enta	a man is in a black outfit .
enta	people reading
8-150-4
neut	a man reading a book outside .
cont	the woman is teaching a class .
enta	the man is wearing a black black
enta	people are reading a book .
enta	a man reading a book .
8-150-8
neut	a man reading about a book for a speech .
neut	the man is making a book for a new fair .
cont	there is a man eating dinner with friends .
cont	a man is running through the park .
cont	a man rides a skateboard past the lake .
enta	the man is looking at the person .
enta	there is a man in a black shirt .
enta	a man on a book reading a book
enta	two people are posing
8-150-16
neut	the john musician makes a book for a group .
neut	the man is wearing a sweatshirt because is reading .
cont	a group of people building in church
cont	a man in black sits alone in a chair .
cont	the man is reading a bible on the ground .
enta	a group of people have reading together .
enta	he is using his hands .
8-150-32
neut	a man is reading the same person that is writing .
cont	a man dressed as cowboys at the group .
cont	the man sips a jug in his hands .
cont	a man in black reading a magazine bench .
enta	a man is reading something with people
enta	a man is reading on book of people .
8-150-147
neut	a man is about to go into the woman 's business .
neut	there are two people in a bookstore meeting .
neut	a person is reading model something to a fair .
cont	a man in black runs with a group of people around the building .
cont	a man is n't being a child .
cont	a man with a pink skirt stands by a group of people .
cont	a man is taking a picture of the road .
enta	a man is hanging a book .
enta	the man has four people out of an activity .
6-150-8
neut	the guy wearing black is reading the new book
neut	the men have been talking to their mother
neut	a boy is reading the book in the park
cont	a boy is on a boat with no hands
cont	the boys have a picnic in a coffee shop
cont	the men were at the park at the park
cont	an orchestra playing a game of a game .
enta	a human is being held by a man .
enta	the guy reading the group of people reading .
enta	a human is reading a book in the group
7-150-8
neut	man repairing crowd on a crowd
neut	a guy has just got off the floor
neut	the teacher works for people the book .
cont	a guy is having his birthday ball .
cont	the two men in black coloring stand
cont	the man has his head off around .
enta	the men was reading the group together .
enta	a person reads another person .
9-226-8
neut	the teacher is talking to his friend .
neut	a man is reading the children .
neut	the man is studying at his home .
cont	the group of women were at the concert .
cont	a man is lying down at a computer .
enta	a man reads a book with a group of people .
a young man in jogging slacks is checking information on his mobile devise while listening to something on a crowded commuter rail car .
8-150-2
neut	the man is a construction worker .
neut	the young man is a very good interesting .
neut	a young man working on his computer is working on his novel .
cont	a young man is riding a bike .
cont	an old man on a bench .
cont	a young man is sitting in a car in his car .
cont	a young man is sitting in a car
cont	a young man is sitting on his couch at home
cont	the man is riding a bicycle .
cont	a man is riding a bike
enta	a person is on a crowded street .
enta	the man is moving around .
8-150-4
neut	the man is a lawyer .
neut	an old man is waiting for a bus to arrive .
cont	a man is playing on the beach .
cont	the man is riding a horse .
cont	a man is in a car , fast .
cont	the man is riding his bike .
cont	the young man had a skateboard
enta	a young man in jeans and a driver is listening to something .
enta	a man is waiting for a bus to arrive .
8-150-8
neut	a sad man is taking a walk in the city .
neut	a man is taking his lives to work on his project .
neut	the happy man is driving a train to work .
neut	a man talking to his friends .
neut	a young man takes a break from work .
neut	the male driver is discussing politics .
cont	the young man is wearing a suit .
cont	the man is sitting in a midst car getting off the bus .
cont	the man swims in the ocean .
cont	the man fell off the subway .
cont	the woman is swimming in the ocean
cont	a woman shopping for cars on the bus .
cont	a man is in a store .
enta	a man walks through a busy bus
enta	he is having a conversation .
enta	the young man is waiting by a busy bus .
enta	a man works on a crowded train passengers .
enta	a young man lies work .
enta	a man is at work
8-150-16
neut	a tall human is working in their race .
neut	the male climbs to an important truck truck .
cont	a group of people watch a ballet fight .
cont	a kid on his phone she did be seen on his cell phone .
cont	the skateboarder is looking up at the ground
cont	a cat sleeping on the city
cont	the man is drawing with a baseball to another .
enta	a person doing something .
enta	a man is using things outside on a bus .
8-150-32
neut	a man is making money on a mobile transportation transportation .
neut	a red man oversees their university walk to school
cont	the young man is wearing swim suit and sitting on a vehicle .
cont	a man is pushing his toys in a parking car .
cont	a young man is not wearing his windows ,
cont	the dog is having the hospital and working
cont	a young man sleeping on a pool bench .
cont	there is a woman walks down the street .
cont	a sad man runs down the street .
enta	the man in a is moving over a business on public .
enta	a shirtless man in front of a crowded crowd .
enta	a man is busy on a crowded area street .
8-150-147
neut	a young man is at his favorite 's carrying toy .
neut	a young man is looking for his turn
neut	the man is about to tag his new novel .
neut	the man is explaining cartwheels while driving the broken wagon .
cont	the old man is alone , riding on a bus .
cont	the person is not breaking release on the highway .
cont	a boy is falling asleep on the couch .
cont	the bat was doing out of a traffic vehicle .
cont	the man runs up his dry vehicle on a highway
cont	a man is taking a bite while sitting on a date .
enta	a young man is wearing a safety uniform .
enta	a man is using a busy busy car .
enta	a man changes people on his platform .
enta	there is a boxes covering in the street .
6-150-8
neut	the boy wants to take the bus the store
neut	the man enjoys the weather on his phone
neut	the man just got off a rail .
neut	the man wants to take the train to work
neut	the man just got done work on him
neut	the boy wants to take a taxi .
cont	young man running on a bike in the city
cont	the young woman was running away from a plane
cont	the boy jumps on the post tracks .
cont	the old man swims in the a pool .
cont	the young woman is wearing pants while in green pants
cont	the young woman is walking on her cell phone
cont	the woman has nothing on the pole tracks
cont	the old man is wearing pants while outside
enta	the man was listening to the car looking .
enta	the young person looks at the train rail .
enta	the boy looks at the train tracks the vehicle
enta	the young person looks in the train station
7-150-8
neut	the little guy falls in
cont	the young lady is walking down the highway .
cont	the young man is climbing a plane .
cont	the young man is on his way sleeping .
cont	the raft race is at work
cont	a girl tries to be a photographer .
enta	a person is talking in a car
enta	a person waits on escalator .
enta	the young child is a man .
enta	this person used equipment in a vehicle .
enta	a child has a machine around a vehicle .
9-226-8
neut	the guy is a farmer
neut	the outfit is black
neut	the boy is getting ready to work on a project .
cont	the man is asleep at his desk .
cont	a man is cooking dinner
cont	a young man is cooking hamburgers in a bar
cont	the man is standing up talking on his shirt .
cont	a man sleeps on his shop alone
cont	the man inside the building is waiting for the bus to arrive .
cont	a man is doing tricks in the gym .
enta	a young man is hurrying moving at a sidewalk
enta	a young man is looking at the street
enta	a guy is trying to get in a car .
enta	a human using a man to take a photo .
two indian men are dancing in suits with an indian woman in a colorful dress behind them by a brick wall .
8-150-2
neut	the people are at a wedding reception .
neut	two men are dancing in a bar
neut	the women are in a parade .
neut	the women are in a meeting .
neut	the people are at a wedding
neut	the men are at a dance festival .
neut	the two men are dancing to music .
cont	two indian men are dancing with a black man .
cont	the people are sitting in a chair .
cont	two men are sitting on a bench
cont	two indian men are dancing in a bar
cont	the women are in the middle of the ocean .
cont	the men are sitting on a bench
enta	two people are dancing
enta	there are two people in this picture .
enta	two people are dancing .
enta	a woman is dancing
8-150-4
neut	one of the men and woman are having fun .
neut	two men practicing their favorite song to dance .
neut	the two men dance are dancing at a wedding .
neut	two men are dancing in a bar .
neut	two men are enjoying a game .
neut	the two indian men are dancing in a bar .
neut	some gentlemen dancing in suits for the first time .
cont	two women are dancing in the streets .
cont	the man and woman are in the middle of a lake .
cont	three men are working hard
cont	the men are wearing suits and holding a football .
cont	two men are wearing suits .
cont	two men are eating dinner .
enta	two indian men are dancing in the photo .
8-150-8
neut	two men discuss to qualify at a indian fair .
neut	a group of men perform their local dance routine .
neut	the men are enjoying themselves in a parade .
neut	two old dancers at a wedding .
neut	the gentlemen were wearing a dress and a dress is performing in a big crowd
cont	no one is wearing red and riding a red dress .
cont	two old women are cooking .
cont	two men are swimming .
cont	the women were lifting a flag .
enta	the men are having the dancing
enta	two men on a brick wall together
8-150-16
neut	the two men are delivering the wife on a wall .
neut	one man showing off his wife
neut	two men are dancing at a dance show .
neut	two young men are dancing nicely .
neut	the elderly woman are dancing .
cont	the people are standing on the couch inside .
cont	people are watching a man rob a street .
cont	two tennis men are in a business suit .
cont	both the two men are eating pizza .
cont	the two men are inside a concert .
cont	the two asian men are relaxing at home .
cont	the two men are standing on a lunch break .
enta	two men dance together .
enta	one of the men are holding a dance .
enta	two men and women dancing together .
8-150-32
neut	the musicians are glad for the wedding
neut	the next work is getting ready to raise money .
neut	two older men are getting ready to go past by a wedding .
neut	the two men are having some contact with stage .
cont	a couple listen to take pictures while watching a game .
cont	the couples are flying home on the moon .
cont	men waving at the scene .
cont	the men are sitting on a snowy trail .
cont	two men are seated down a woman .
cont	canines watch others watch a statue
enta	an men and women are dancing outside
8-150-147
neut	a women dressed in formal clothing are dancing to the asian lady .
cont	the man is leaving and pulling money on the wall .
cont	the asian men are visiting a circus .
cont	two men drive onto a brick wall .
cont	a men eating off a woman
cont	a muslim woman is robbing yoga reading .
enta	a man is ladies stand near a wall .
6-150-8
neut	the man just got done gymnastics in the background
neut	the men know how to a party
neut	the man likes to the indian woman dance together
neut	a man is trying to make some the dance
neut	the ladies danced in front of a building
neut	the men know how to dance in the bar
neut	the women perform a dance for the crowd
cont	the ladies were sitting down in the park
cont	the man kisses the lady 's dress .
cont	the women dancing in the middle of cave
cont	the ladies were sitting down in their bed
cont	the men were playing basketball in a park
cont	the indian woman are playing in a park
cont	the women were playing basketball in a field
enta	the ladies were dancing behind the stone wall .
enta	two people dancing in front of a wall
enta	two people perform in front of a building
7-150-8
neut	a family is juggling an ride in a dress
neut	a couple of indian horses are
neut	the photographer is being pulled by a crowd .
neut	some indian woman doing her job .
cont	a couple are riding an indoor dressed building .
cont	a person likes to ride the bicycle
cont	the men is standing around holding hands indoors .
cont	the black men on a blanket is dancing .
cont	some woman are running through the jungle
cont	a couple is taking an orchestra .
enta	the asian man is performing a dance outside .
enta	the lady is holding her indian dancing .
9-226-8
neut	the three men are going in a concert .
neut	the men are dressed for the wedding .
neut	two men are dancing with a large brown dog .
neut	the man is getting ready to make a demonstration in the mountains .
cont	two women are dressed in red and red blanket
cont	there are many men doing a backflip .
cont	two woman men are asleep at the table .
cont	the men are sitting on a couch
cont	the three men dressed in white dancing practicing for a crowd .
cont	the two men are sitting in the bar .
cont	the two women inside the house are asleep .
cont	a man is sleeping in the house
enta	two men are having a dancing .
a woman in a red shirt and blue jeans is walking outside while a man in a khaki jacket is right behind her .
8-150-2
neut	a woman is walking to the store
neut	the woman is walking to the store to open .
neut	a woman is walking to the store to get to work .
neut	two people walk outside to their friends are walking outside .
cont	the man is wearing a blue shirt .
enta	a woman is walking outside
enta	the woman is wearing clothes .
enta	the man is outdoors .
enta	a woman and a man are walking outside while a man is walking .
8-150-4
neut	a woman walking to work
neut	the woman is the woman .
neut	a couple walks together on a date
cont	a man in a red shirt is sitting on the bench .
cont	a dog eating a bone
cont	a person is sitting in the grass .
cont	the woman is holding a blue shirt .
enta	the woman and man are walking outside while a man is .
enta	a woman is outside walking .
enta	the woman is walking .
enta	a woman is holding a man .
8-150-8
neut	it is sunny outside .
neut	a woman and man walk to the store to buy their arms .
neut	a woman dressed in a blue shirt gets his first walk for a walk
cont	a woman is not wearing a jacket and blue jeans
cont	the man is sleeping in their bed .
cont	a man is playing golf with a man .
cont	a woman and a man are sitting inside .
enta	the woman and man are outside .
enta	a person is on her neck .
enta	the man stands next to woman
enta	the woman is walking the the man .
8-150-16
neut	people were walking fast down the street .
neut	a woman walks near a butterfly to go hit by
neut	the man is a child
neut	a woman walks his purse in a man .
cont	a man is skating on the ground .
cont	a man in a red shirt is riding a car .
cont	a man is playing a sport .
cont	a woman performing a concert .
enta	the man is walking with a man .
enta	a man in clothes walks behind his woman in underwear and blue jacket .
8-150-32
neut	the women are walking up a fence .
cont	the men run around a man in a jacket .
cont	a man eats the moon by a woman .
cont	a woman is skipping to take a latte on his shoulder .
cont	a clown sits while another man is enjoying at the park .
enta	a woman walks along the woman .
enta	the woman is walking with the man in a shirt .
8-150-147
neut	a man is walking toward the ocean with other woman .
neut	a woman is going out to her husband during a date .
neut	a man is going to watch a buffalo girl .
cont	a woman sits on a chair holding on her husband .
cont	a woman is running to a man getting ready for girl .
cont	the mother is petting the man at home .
enta	a woman is pushing a man walks .
enta	a woman with jackets colored is walking outside .
6-150-8
neut	the men and woman are walking to the park
neut	the lady and man are walking in the park
cont	the men sit in the living room alone
cont	the men sit in the park in the park
cont	the lady was in the middle of side
enta	the man is wearing a red shirt .
enta	the women and man walk outside a man .
7-150-8
neut	a woman is very on a very day .
cont	a woman is flying a kite .
cont	one woman is texting a woman . .
cont	the young woman is skiing .
cont	a person is sitting on a mattress .
enta	a person is carrying with a top .
enta	the lady looks at a woman .
9-226-8
neut	she is happy to see his friend 's house .
cont	a women is sleeping .
cont	a woman in jeans sits on a bench during the day .
enta	the woman is near the dress .
enta	a woman walks down a man in the air .
enta	there is one man in this photo , and he is outside .

