two women are embracing while holding to go packages .
the sisters are hugging goodbye while holding to go packages after just eating lunch .
neutral

two women wearing red are holding up for a concert .
two woman are waiting for their friend to get on .
two women have drinks at a diner .
two women in dresses are holding up a shopping booth .
they are preparing food at the park .
two friends in a play together .
the women are planning on their lunch break .
two ladies are going in the garden .
two women are visiting the fair of new york .
a tall human holding up
two women trying to find in for a concert .
they are planning a new construction worker .
two sisters are talking to each other .
two sisters are saying .
there are two women at the park .
the women got married .
two young women with their hands on their way to work
two sisters are attending their children .
two sisters are holding their and talk to the owner .
the women are getting ready for a date .
-----------------------------


two women are embracing while holding to go packages .
two woman are holding packages .
entailment

there are women near the food .
two people are holding something .
two females are outside looking for something .
some humans standing
two women are holding something
two women look
two ladies are near a vendor .
two women do her affection
the women were
there are two women hands by two faces .
two people hold up food .
two people are happy
two woman are together .
both women are next to each other .
the women are holding .
one woman is holding a present .
the women are looking at .
the women are with one another .
-----------------------------


two women are embracing while holding to go packages .
the men are fighting outside a deli .
contradiction

the women are not wearing .
a couple of women are playing poker while sitting .
two woman sleep in their living room .
two women are holding hands as they walk into the park .
two men are going to take a break in the shade
two men with no arms are standing next to a park .
one woman drinks their lunch .
the woman are riding bikes .
the women are cooking hamburgers at the restaurant .
the women are sitting down
two women are walking with a radio .
the women are standing in class .
two women trying to find the birds in a field
two women sitting on the couch watching tv .
women are standing still at their home .
an old man is giving a speech on the street .
two ladies ride their bikes in the park .
women and a boy are drinking beer at the bar .
one woman eats lunch
two ladies ride through the park .
two girls run a race
the men were taking a nap on their break .
a woman and two women carry a box and watching a movie .
two women holding hands are walking .
two women are riding horses .
two ladies are standing still the owner 's .
women are waiting to cross the street .
the two women are using mars in a cake .
-----------------------------


a man selling donuts to a customer during a world exhibition event held in the city of angeles
a woman drinks her coffee in a small cafe .
contradiction

a cat is fighting his wife
a man is playing baseball at his home .
the man is at home , fast asleep .
the man in a stand ad is a man on the grocery store .
the man drinking coffee from the grocery store .
the woman is looking at the event of a gathering .
a man is looking at an empty area of a mall .
a man in a wheelchair holds a man 's home
the man is eating lunch .
a man is smoking a cigarette at a concert in the city
a picture of a man who is trying to stay home and eating .
a woman is taking a nap
a man is throwing a frisbee
a man selling his ice cream cone
the man is eating a child .
a man is in his office room with his family .
a woman holds a dog .
a man is carrying a new new new new store .
the man has been drinking from the days day
a man is holding a hotdog at a store
a man is in the movie theater
a man sells food at a store at the event .
a man is taking his shopping
a man makes his product on a store in an office .
a child is drinking from a bowl .
a man is preparing for a concert .
a man is sleeping
the man is standing quietly in the kitchen .
a woman sets his new new product .
the man is drinking beer .
a woman is taking a shortcut of the desert .
the woman is buying a new concert .
the man stands at the store is holding a box of his friend .
a man is grilling a cake .
-----------------------------


a man selling donuts to a customer during a world exhibition event held in the city of angeles
a man selling donuts to a customer .
entailment

a man at a event is smoking .
on a busy event .
a man selling food
a man is working on his service .
a man sells on a group of people .
a man makes his soda .
the man stares at the a building at the event .
a man is holding a customer at a fair parade .
the man is selling .
the man is near the customers .
a person gives a speech to a man at a event .
on the a man into the ground has a man 's .
a man are moving a display of two cars .
-----------------------------


two young boys of opposing teams play football , while wearing full protection uniforms and helmets .
boys play football
entailment

a trio of young boys wearing uniforms .
two kids are being photographed for a football player .
the boys have uniforms
two boys are wearing uniforms .
the boys are dressed
two boys are performing .
the boys all in uniforms for their team .
there are two boys
some boys playing football
there are two boys .
two young boys in uniform
two boys play soccer .
the boys are playing football .
two young boys are wearing uniforms .
two boys are being photographed .
the two boys have uniforms .
there are two boys in uniforms .
the boys are wearing protective material .
-----------------------------


two young boys of opposing teams play football , while wearing full protection uniforms and helmets .
dog eats out of bowl
contradiction

the two boys are watching tv .
the boys are playing baseball .
the man is on a trampoline .
two young girls are dressed in tuxedos .
two young girls go on a bike .
two kids playing with the ball at the beach .
two kids are in the ocean
the boys are chasing an elephant
two boys are wearing green uniforms and watching a soccer match .
three young boys are sleeping at a church .
the two teams play catch in the ocean .
the boys are not wearing helmets .
there are no girls sitting beside their truck .
the boys are all sitting at the party .
the three young boys are playing soccer
the students are wearing baseball uniforms .
the boys are playing basketball together .
boys chasing after a rabbit .
the black cheerleaders do n't have the football .
a pair of girls in blue uniforms are playing a sport .
two young people are sitting on the bench watching the game .
boy women performing
nothing is holding anything in their hands .
the boys are from the river
cat in business
two old men are sitting on their couch .
-----------------------------


two young boys of opposing teams play football , while wearing full protection uniforms and helmets .
boys scoring a touchdown
neutral

the boys in uniform are trying to win the game .
the brothers are wearing a uniforms for the football game .
the boys were waiting to play the game .
two boys are fighting with their team .
two teams wearing uniforms being finished for the game
two young boys are having fun .
the boys are wearing helmets and are standing nearby .
two brothers play a game .
two boys have just stuck in a tournament .
two young boys are racing for a championship .
one of the boys was the team in the game .
two boys playing football on the field
the men are wearing a light blue uniform .
the boys are making a team in the game .
the two boys have first up of the game .
two brothers play football on the team team .
two boys are competing for a trophy .
two brothers play football in the rain .
the boys played for the championship .
-----------------------------


a man in a blue shirt standing in front of a garage-like structure painted with geometric designs .
a man is repainting a garage
neutral

a man is thinking about his latest work .
a man is a class to the local new building .
a man is searching for his work .
the man is a carpenter .
someone is working on the project for the first time .
the man is an american climber .
a man holds paint on his new project for work .
a man is getting ready for a wedding
the sad man in a blue shirt is planning to pull on a structure .
a man in blue stands beside a building with his graffiti on his head .
a man is standing in front of a saw he just got off .
the man stands in front of his favorite graffiti of one of his friends .
a man performs in an art project .
a man is standing next to his house
an old man about to paint his house .
a man is making a new sword for his house .
-----------------------------


a man in a blue shirt standing in front of a garage-like structure painted with geometric designs .
a man is wearing a blue shirt
entailment

there is a man in a blue shirt
a human standing
a man is standing
there are two people standing in front of the structure .
a man is by the structure .
there is a man .
a person 's attention is being watched .
a man is standing
a man in front of a tool with a graffiti .
the man is standing .
the man is standing with art .
a man in blue is leaning against a structure
the man has on a shirt
a man is standing with a piece of clothes
a man is behind the structure in front of a structure .
there is a man wearing blue
a man was holding a piece of shirt .
a guy with a blue shirt and a sculpture is standing in front of a
-----------------------------


a man in a blue shirt standing in front of a garage-like structure painted with geometric designs .
a man is wearing a black shirt
contradiction

a man is throwing rocks on his car .
the man is sitting on the wood of a building .
a guy is taking pictures of the ocean .
a woman is taking a bath
a man is outside a wheelbarrow .
a guy is at the gym to a job .
the man is asleep on the couch .
a man is driving a car
a woman dances in the streets .
a man is yelling at the woman and a piano for a crowd .
a man is standing in the sand .
the man is running on a field
a white man sits alone in the morning .
a dog eats his food in front of a car .
a man is walking by a wall .
a man in a blue shirt is not standing in front of a building .
a man is painting with his wife .
the man is inside
a man sits on a couch eating a cake at home .
the man is wearing a white shirt .
the woman is drinking from the water
a woman in a blue shirt and a blue shirt looks for a friend .
the old man is sleeping in his bed .
a man is cooking dinner with a blue shirt .
a woman in a blue shirt and brown hair is a circus .
a man is fishing in the ocean .
a man is eating lunch while sitting on the couch .
the man is not wearing a red shirt .
the man is inside a bed .
the man on the shirt is sitting on the ground .
-----------------------------


a woman is doing a cartwheel while wearing a bikini in the sand next to the beach .
a woman is doing a cartwheel .
entailment

a woman is on the beach .
the woman is dangling .
a woman is wet outside .
someone is outside
there is a woman at the beach .
a woman is on the beach .
a person was wearing a bikini
the woman is trying to get wet .
a woman is on the beach
a woman is going in a beach
a woman is being working .
woman wearing a bikini
the woman is at the beach .
a person is standing in the sand
a woman wears a bikini while wearing a bikini and swimming .
a woman crouches around .
a woman in a bikini performs a task .
there are two water .
the woman is outside .
a woman is outside
a woman in a bikini and looking at the beach is being photographed by her
a person is on a beach .
a woman is on the beach
-----------------------------


a woman is doing a cartwheel while wearing a bikini in the sand next to the beach .
a woman is fixing her home .
contradiction

the beach is empty .
the woman is lying on her bed .
the woman is jogging under the beach .
a woman is throwing her bike up the beach .
a woman rides an airplane
a woman cooks a dog .
a woman is ice skating in the sand
a woman does n't have her dog .
a woman is dead
a man cooks on the beach
a woman and a man are watching tv
a woman climbs a mountain .
the woman is taking a nap .
a woman chases a dog
the woman sat down .
the woman is sitting indoors
the woman is doing jumping jacks .
a woman is at the circus .
a man is eating a child at a park .
the person is praying .
a woman works in a swimming pool
the woman is not shining .
a man is putting on a new york beach
the man sleeps on the beach
the woman is surfing the ocean in the ocean .
a woman riding a bike .
the woman and man are running .
a woman is dancing at the beach while others play her guitar .
there was a women walking along the beach .
he is sleeping on the couch .
a woman is lying down in the sand .
-----------------------------


a woman is doing a cartwheel while wearing a bikini in the sand next to the beach .
a woman is doing a cartwheel and falls on her head .
contradiction

a young woman is swimming in the pool .
a dog swims in the sand
a woman is taking her dog to a house .
a female is taking a picture of a dog .
a woman is taking a nap in the sand .
she is indoors
woman at home sleeping
a women is watching tv
the woman is sitting on the couch .
a woman is watching tv .
an old man is kicking a bicycle on the beach .
the man is walking down the beach to get a massage .
a woman is cleaning the car in the sand .
the woman is at a restaurant .
a woman is walking
everyone is napping
a woman and a man are walking down the beach .
the man does blue hard blue .
a woman is lying down in the sand
the woman is blind .
a man looks at a plant on a beach
the woman is wearing a suit .
a man is relaxing on the beach .
the man performs a trick in the sand .
a woman skiing
a woman sitting in a car .
a woman with a man work on a beach sand .
someone is looking at an empty beach they are taking pictures .
a woman is sprinting .
a woman is lying on the beach .
-----------------------------


two men on bicycles competing in a race .
people are riding bikes .
entailment

two men are riding bicycles outside .
there are workers in this shirts .
two guys on bikes are competing in a race .
two men are riding motorcycles .
two guys in bikes are riding their bikes .
two guys are wearing bikes .
there are people in the public playing .
the men are wet .
there are some guys riding bikes .
some guys are riding vehicles in a race .
there are two men in a race .
two men are on their bikes outside .
men racing on bikes around the race .
two men are on bicycles .
2 men are on their bikes
men in a race going on .
2 men ride on their bikes .
two men are driving in a bike .
there are men in bicycles .
two people riding bikes in a track .
there are men
two men are on a nature .
the men ride a bikes .
two men riding bikes with people .
the men have racing on bikes .
-----------------------------


two men on bicycles competing in a race .
men are riding bicycles on the street .
neutral

three men are having fun
the two men racing to win a race .
the guys on bikes are on the finish of the race .
the men are a track .
the two men are riding bikes to the finish line .
two guys on bikes leap in the track .
the men are in a track .
the men are competing with each other
the men are riding to the finish line .
two men are riding their bikes to work .
several men are going to run in the race .
the men are trying to win a race
the men are japanese .
the men are in the track .
-----------------------------


two men on bicycles competing in a race .
a few people are catching fish .
contradiction

nobody is competing for a marathon .
the men were at the beach , and the men are competing .
three women running on the street to the pool .
some men are laying in the grass .
two friends are walking to work .
three woman are walking their bikes .
people are jogging in a park .
two brothers swimming in a lake .
two men are driving a tractor
the men at the track are running in the field .
two guys playing with a dog
the men are riding their bikes in a field .
one man is at the beach .
the two men are sleeping on the couch .
two men sitting in a blizzard .
two men are hiking a boat .
two men are inside a church .
two ladies are riding their bikes .
two men are riding bicycles in the beach .
all the men are waiting in line for food .
two cats run in the field .
two women ride cars .
the men are sleeping .
two woman are watching television .
the women is shopping .
the men are climbing a tree .
the women have bikes on their bikes .
three women are driving down a street .
there are two women drinking tea in a track .
a man and a woman are swimming in the pool .
two men are riding horses .
three people ride bikes in a field .
two girls are riding their bikes .
the two men are riding a motorcycle
-----------------------------


a young boy in a field of flowers carrying a ball
boy leaving baseball game
neutral

the boy has a shirt and a boy 's hat .
a little boy is grabbing flowers from his brother 's house .
a kid in his shirt is riding a big bucket of flowers .
a boy is very happy
the boy was happy .
the boy is holding the ball and the baseball field .
a young boy is trying to make flowers in a field .
a little boy with a ball trying to get home .
a boy watches his dad carrying a ball to a girl .
the boy is trying on to his food .
the boy is celebrating her birthday for his friend .
a boy is wearing shorts for a big jump .
a boy is about to get wet .
the little boy is throwing a ball to his friend .
the boy is bringing the soccer ball .
the boy is waiting for the bus to arrive .
an asian boy trying to get a ball .
a boy is carrying flowers to his dog
the boy is buying flowers in the park .
a young boy is trying to catch a bug .
a child plays with his brother .
a boy is playing a tournament with a ball .
a young boy is holding a ball to his dog .
-----------------------------


a young boy in a field of flowers carrying a ball
boy in field
entailment

a kid in the field .
a boy is holding a ball and a ball .
a boy shoots a ball in a field .
the boy is carrying a ball
a young child is holding a ball .
the boy is outside searching .
a young boy is outside in a field .
the boy is outside in the field .
a young boy is hugging a ball .
a boy is next to a ball in a field .
a young boy is holding a ball .
a little boy is being helped by a ball .
a young boy is playing with flowers outside .
a boy is outside playing with flowers .
a boy is out of flowers .
there is a young boy runs outside .
a little boy is surrounded by flowers .
someone is carrying a ball .
a boy is carrying something .
a boy carries a ball in a field
a young boy is in the field
the boy is wearing a warm .
a happy boy is holding a ball .
the athlete is in the field
a young child is holding a ball .
-----------------------------


a young boy in a field of flowers carrying a ball
dog in pool
contradiction

a boy is driving a car to the store .
a young boy is getting a bath .
the boy is sleeping in the bed .
a boy lays to his feet .
a young girl in a field and a baseball field is being photographed by a
a young boy is in the basement .
a girl is hitting the fruit .
the boy is napping
the boy is eating an ice cream cone .
a boy eats pizza
the boy is kneeling in the grass
a boy is chasing a rabbit through the park .
nobody is trying to chase the ball .
the boy is sleeping
the man is lying on the couch .
the boy is at a dog show .
a boy rides a bike down a street .
a boy does n't have his feet in the air .
a boy sits on the ground .
a young girl is smoking a cigarette outside a market .
the boy is shooting balloons .
the young boy is eating .
the boy is inside the house
the boy is drinking from the shower .
the young child is at home .
a young boy playing the piano .
the boy is eating popcorn
a boy wearing a running down a soccer ball and a ball .
a girl with her team .
a kid is sleeping
a boy is running around the park .
a man is sleeping in the living room .
the boy is indoors , watching a movie .
a boy is lying down on the ground .
the young boy is wearing nothing on a bed .
-----------------------------


families waiting in line at an amusement park for their turn to ride .
the restaurant is very bad .
contradiction

the group of children are sitting in the park .
children are drinking a beer in the kitchen .
the family is indoors .
young people are crossing the street .
the young friends stand outside of a car .
all the animals rest on the beach
children in a park eating a sandwich .
an adult won it waits for the cars .
some children are running through a field .
a bunch of children are running around the streets .
elderly friends on a bus .
the family does not talk on the phone
the people are watching a movie in a theater .
the children are riding a bus .
a cat is sitting on the bench waiting for the bus .
four people on the bus are at an event .
the five people are watching a movie in their home .
several children are running to a store .
the family are gathered at an airport .
four people are standing in the bridge .
children are at home sleeping
families are watching the movie .
the kids are playing video games .
families are playing basketball together
family is sitting on the bus .
some people are shopping in the mall .
some people are running through the park
people are indoors .
not on an indoor park
family running at the park
the family is sleeping in a bed .
some construction workers are on the bus reading the newspaper .
an adult is waiting in line in line for a bus .
a few friends run through an alley .
young people are riding their bikes through the park .
the people are alone in the room .
-----------------------------


families waiting in line at an amusement park for their turn to ride .
people are waiting in line at a restaurant .
contradiction

some people is taking a nap in the shade .
children are running .
the children were eating dinner at a restaurant .
four children are all asleep .
a bunch of people sit at a bar .
four people stand by the pool .
people are sitting in a bus stop .
there are no five children in line .
four children are sunbathing on a bus in the park .
six people are taking a nap in the park .
young family running on a bench at an ad at a park .
adults in line for an argument .
a man is standing up at a wedding .
the older person is sitting in a store buying the riding crowd .
the group of friends are standing on the couch .
the group of 5 children are at a ride .
four people sit on the sofa
the family are standing in line for a nap .
a man is walking on a bus .
a group of children are riding their bikes .
some children are reading a book
four people are playing with a toy in the park .
a young couple is playing outside a house .
the family does not stand at the park
people are watching the movie star .
the people are playing video games
a few children are running through the park
-----------------------------


families waiting in line at an amusement park for their turn to ride .
people are waiting to see a movie .
contradiction

some people are riding their bikes through the park
four africans are running in a park .
old people playing around a campfire .
nobody is present .
the three friends stand on the park bench
they are sitting in a park watching a movie
no one of the children are on the couch watching tv .
children are inside a building .
the man and woman are all watching television .
young woman sit in a car .
the elderly of the cars are parked .
they are flying a plane .
four cars are parked on a sunny day in the park .
do n't sit watching the park
dogs play in a park
the children are sitting at an indoor park .
one child is not in line .
the family was eating dinner at a restaurant
families are watching the news ocean .
there are no children .
the girls are sitting down and looking at the stars .
the elderly friends are lying on the bench .
the woman runs a marathon .
captured of an ad of people are walking through the field
children are sleeping .
twenty people are asleep
a dog attacks to all to leave on the bike
there is a dog having a picnic
old official team sits in line for school bus .
-----------------------------


a senior is waiting at the window of a restaurant that serves sandwiches .
a person waits to be served his food .
entailment

the business employee is outside at a restaurant .
a guy is at the restaurant
an individual is waiting at the restaurant .
the person is near the restaurant .
the food employee is near the window .
a person is near a eatery .
the man is standing near a restaurant .
the man is at a restaurant .
a british person waiting in line at a restaurant .
a vendor is waiting for their food .
someone is near the window
there is a line of the restaurant .
a man is at the restaurant waiting .
a bank has food in the restaurant .
a man is near a window .
an athlete is sitting at a window
-----------------------------


a senior is waiting at the window of a restaurant that serves sandwiches .
a man is waiting in line for the bus .
contradiction

a man is standing in a restaurant waiting for a bus .
a worker works at home .
a bank worker is taking a nap .
someone is running the race .
a security salesman runs his office in the city for a party .
the tree is empty .
the man is waiting for his car .
a guy is at the bar at the bar .
a man is at home sleeping
a tree is closed into the restaurant
a man sleeping in bed .
a man is standing on the floor .
a man sleeps in bed and looking for his food .
the woman is drinking wine
a lady is waiting in line
a tree swims in the restaurant which the restaurant .
a guy is looking at space ship .
the woman is shopping
a guy is not waiting for the window to a restaurant .
a man is at a store watching tv .
the man is running in the field .
a bank worker is taking the bus stop .
the restaurant people are eating ice cream .
the picture of a tree is eating a man .
-----------------------------


a senior is waiting at the window of a restaurant that serves sandwiches .
a man is looking to order a grilled cheese sandwich .
neutral

a teacher is working at the restaurant to buy food .
a female is enjoying the view of the restaurant at a restaurant .
a professional cook is taking a break from eating lunch .
the man is currently works .
a man is getting ready for a job .
the woman is bored at the restaurant .
the person came for a wedding
a man is going to work in a restaurant .
a woman shows off her meal .
the fat stands man is at the restaurant .
a sad man is waiting for a bus at the restaurant .
a female with a used furniture is waiting for an order of food restaurant .
a female scientist is watching an order of food at a restaurant .
the food is filled .
a professional restaurant vendor is making his lunch at a restaurant .
a scientist works at a restaurant
the restaurant is hot and chicken .
a pastor works in a restaurant waiting for his friend .
a man is drying off his window .
an asian college conductor is waiting for a food restaurant at a restaurant .
a security guard is watching his friend and food .
someone eating breakfast with their friends
-----------------------------


man in a black suit , white shirt and black bowtie playing an instrument with the rest of his symphony surrounding him .
a person in a suit
entailment

a man is playing music
a man performing in a suit in a suit
there is a man in a black suit plays an instrument .
the man is working on something .
a person gets in the
the man is at the concert .
the man is in a musician .
there are two males playing music .
a man prepares to play a violin .
a rock instrument with a musical instrument .
a man is playing a instrument on a instrument .
a man is entertaining an his saxophone with his musical instrument .
a man in a white suit with a white shirt playing an instrument
the man is playing an instrument .
a man is being photographed with a instrument
there is a man playing an instrument .
a man is in his room playing an instrument .
a man is playing the instrument .
a man is playing an instrument .
the man is playing a violin .
-----------------------------


man in a black suit , white shirt and black bowtie playing an instrument with the rest of his symphony surrounding him .
nobody has a suit
contradiction

a man is watching television in his living room .
the man is going swimming
someone is watching bowling .
a woman at home sleeping
the man is running in a field .
a man is selling his wife and playing an instrument .
the man is sitting in a red room
a man rides a juggling along the beach
a woman is watching tv
the man is sitting in a church getting ready to go down the hill .
a man plays an instrument in a car
a man dressed as a black suit is eating his time at a concert .
the guy is eating a man .
a woman ate a sandwich .
the man is on a cruise a tour .
the man is sleeping on a bench playing a routine .
the man is swimming
the man is playing his trumpet
a man is playing the drums
a man sleeps on his couch at home .
a man is playing the drums .
the woman sits on the couch playing the drums .
a man is playing the drums on a stage .
a man is playing basketball inside .
the man plays darts .
the man is making in a swimming pool .
he sleeps at the local house .
the man is swimming in the ocean .
a man has an electric golf in his hands .
a man is playing violin in a field .
the naked man is wearing a suit .
a man is making an airplane in a orchestra for a crowd .
a woman playing a trick game .
a man is shooting a gun man in the audience .
a person in a suit walks down the street
-----------------------------


man in a black suit , white shirt and black bowtie playing an instrument with the rest of his symphony surrounding him .
a tall person in a suit
neutral

a musician performing an his concert at his concert .
the man is playing an instrument songs .
a man is entertaining his an employee at a concert .
a father is play the instrument for an audience .
a man is playing the flute and a musician is performing in a concert hall
a man is working at his an an archery competition .
the man is wearing white pants .
a man is trying to make money for his people play an instrument .
the man is playing at a concert
the man attempts to fix the instrument .
the man is on a subway subway .
a young man is playing music for his audience
the street musician was happy
the man plays a song of the instrument for the crowd .
the man is a playing band .
a man holds a instrument with his instrument for his family
a band is practicing his favorite song .
a sad man is playing for a crowd
a man is getting his favorite concert 's mouth into him .
a man is at a concert singing for a crowd .
the man is performing for a crowd .
the puppet player is the same song .
-----------------------------


two women having drinks and smoking cigarettes at the bar .
two women are at a bar .
entailment

two people are eating outdoors .
the women are on a bar .
the two women are next to each other .
two people are smoking .
the two women are enjoying each other 's drink .
there are women drinking and drinking .
two women are together .
two females are waiting at a bar .
there are two women in the bar .
two ladies are standing together .
two women outdoors .
two women look at the bar .
two ladies are having a drink .
-----------------------------


two women having drinks and smoking cigarettes at the bar .
three women are at a bar .
contradiction

two women are sprinting the bus .
the men are eating
the women are fighting
two men laughing at the bar for their friend .
a man is driving a car through the countryside .
two men are asleep .
men are eating the baked at the bar .
the men are watching tv taking a nap .
2 women are sitting down in a field .
some women are swimming in a pool .
the men are drinking at the bar .
two women are drinking wine .
two woman are drinking tea while watching tv .
a young man is helping someone else the bar .
the men are about to fight their dinner .
the women are not wearing anything to eat .
the women are drinking in the restaurant
the women are dancing on the stage .
two women are drinking pizza for their family .
the women are sitting down in a bar .
one brothers is laughing
the women are in a bowling alley
two women are sitting in front of the bathroom .
two sisters is using a large tree
two women are swimming
there are two women eating a drink
the men are competing .
the men have not drinking
-----------------------------


two women having drinks and smoking cigarettes at the bar .
women are celebrating at a bar .
neutral

some people are drinking a beer and talking about a drink
two women drinking beers at the bar .
two women are about to fight .
several friends having a drink together at the bar .
the women are drinking beer at the bar .
the friends are drinking their team .
2 women are having a beer beer for a drink .
two friends are enjoying a drink .
the women are waiting for their friend .
two young friends are having a conversation at the bar .
two friends are at a bar party .
two sisters are selling stuff .
two women are wearing hats .
two women are talking for a drink and drinking .
two sisters are drinking beer
two females are on a date .
two women are celebrating .
-----------------------------


at an outdoor event in an asian-themed area , a crowd congregates as one person in a yellow chinese dragon costume confronts the camera .
a single man is next to a camera
contradiction

the person is standing at a restaurant .
the people are in a restaurant .
some people are asleep in a field .
the man sat on the street are at the local pub .
a man falls off an empty field at the pool .
a man is skiing at a rodeo .
a man has an adult camera in an empty field .
a man is skiing a dirt in the country .
a man is waiting for a large crowd at the bar .
the person is at a book studio .
a man in red at a dance party at a bar .
one child is posing to the camera in the country .
a group is at the dance dance
three people are at the office for the day .
a photographer is taking pictures of a family at the bar competing a game .
no one is at the dance dance .
someone is in the gym team
the people sit in the office
the person is in the middle of a field .
a bunch of kids are in the city
dogs at the bar are close to each other .
the person is watching a woman inside the mirror .
a bunch of people are standing inside .
only one person is holding an object .
everyone is in a restaurant .
a boy talking in a gym , a man watches the stars for the photographer
a nude child is watching a movie .
the group is sleeping at the camera .
a family is eating chicken at the local mall .
a little girl dancing with a friend .
people dancing in a field
the person is gathered alone in class .
-----------------------------


at an outdoor event in an asian-themed area , a crowd congregates as one person in a yellow chinese dragon costume confronts the camera .
a crowd is dancing
neutral

one family is cheering for a photographer .
the person is a performer .
the girl looks at the camera is her family .
the group is interested about the day .
the friends are for the first time .
the person is wearing a costume to people at a vacation .
the group friends are taking pictures of the camera .
the group of people are together about to the start .
someone is at a party
-----------------------------


at an outdoor event in an asian-themed area , a crowd congregates as one person in a yellow chinese dragon costume confronts the camera .
a crowd is in front of a camera
neutral

the people are on their vacation .
the crowd is for their class team .
the crowd is at the couples fair .
the man is performing for the upcoming crowd at the audience .
the cameraman has been involved for a meeting at a bar for the first time
a group of people wait for the annual meeting to the photographer 's wedding .
the person is married .
the girl takes pictures for a wedding .
both friends are watching a performance .
a crowd was taking pictures at the upcoming new evening .
a man is waiting for someone to see his wedding .
a man is going to a married 's day
-----------------------------


two doctors perform surgery on patient .
two surgeons are having lunch .
contradiction

the doctors are sitting in the field .
the men are taking a test .
two doctors are sleeping under the tree .
the doctors performing on the stage .
two teens in the middle of the ocean .
they are laying in the kitchen .
doctors play in the park .
the doctors are in the desert .
medical citizens are milking a dog .
a woman is taking a break on the couch .
a girl and two doctor are yelling at a patient of their nurses .
dogs play with toys
two doctors are taking a nap .
the doctors work in a crowded space
the woman is on the break
the picture is taking a break
the team did n't like to be done
the doctors work in a lab
the doctors ballet
there is a group of men watching a baseball game .
two doctors are doing a math .
the doctors performing out of the river .
one of the group is not performing a patient .
three doctors in an air ship .
the doctors is in a doctors office .
they are making ice
the team is being pulled by an old man .
-----------------------------


two doctors perform surgery on patient .
doctors are performing surgery .
entailment

there are people around a parent .
two doctors are working on the patient .
doctors at least one of the doctor .
a pair of doctors in their work .
two doctors are being active
the patient work on their patient .
someone is taking part of the patient .
two doctors and doctors are doing a hospital
there are two doctors and their hospital .
doctors performing together
doctors look on .
the doctors make on a patient .
two doctor are doing a patient with a patient .
the doctors on to each other .
there are two people working .
two doctors .
-----------------------------


two doctors perform surgery on patient .
two doctors are performing surgery on a man .
neutral

a doctor is making a test
two doctor are being done for a nurses .
surgeons work are practicing their patient to look .
doctors at disneyland
the doctors performing for the world
two teens watch off their team in their new hair .
two doctor are doing his dental for the dentist .
the two doctor and sister are doing their life .
the doctors are performing their new ballet .
two doctor and patient are about to destroy a patient to perform .
two doctors perform their new surgery
doctors are in their lab class .
it is sunny outside .
two doctors work for a lab .
two doctor and patient are about to destroy a patient .
-----------------------------


a white dog with long hair jumps to catch a red and green toy .
a white dog with long hair is swimming underwater .
contradiction

a black dog sleeps in his bed .
a white dog is sleeping alone while its owner .
a dog is watching tv at the pool .
a white dog is being chased by a cat .
the white dog is sleeping
the white dog is sleeping on a bone .
a cat is laying on the floor .
a cat with his head are playing .
a cat is playing catch
a black and black dog is sleeping .
a black dog sleeps in his owner 's bed in his bed .
a white dog sleeps at the park .
two dogs are fighting .
a black dog plays with a ball of yarn .
a black dog catches a ball .
the dog rides a bike down the street .
two cats are fighting .
a white dog and pants are relaxing at home .
the puppy is carrying a black animal in the grass .
the dog running through the park to the park .
a white dog is sitting in the grass .
the white dog is standing next to the moon .
a white dog is running through a field .
dog sleeping at home
a white dog is flying an airplane at the beach .
the dog is drinking a long .
a dog is lying on the couch
the white dog is running through the snow .
dog running along beach
the cat was in the river
the cat is wearing a green .
a dog is flying a kite .
the cat is bath .
the dog did not get a toy
-----------------------------


a white dog with long hair jumps to catch a red and green toy .
an animal is jumping to catch an object .
entailment

the dog brushed the toy .
the white dog is leaping in the air .
a dog is performing an instrument .
a dog is outdoors .
there is a persons dog outdoors .
dog carries toy .
the dog is under a toy .
a dog is splashing something .
a white dog riding a toy
a dog is playing with a toy .
a white dog is chasing something .
the dog is holding something .
a dog is getting wet
a dog and a toy outside .
a dog is playing with the toy .
the animal is in the air .
a dog jumps to a toy .
a dog jumps down on a toy .
the dog is a dogs catching a toy .
the dog jumps on the toy .
a dog is running with a toy .
a canine jumps over a toy .
the dog is playing .
-----------------------------


kids are on a amusement ride .
kids ride their favorite amusement ride .
neutral

students are participating in a ride .
a boy and girl are at an umbrella ride ride .
the kids are watching a carnival at a ride ride .
kids in a ride ride in front of a large crowd .
kids are swinging a ride in a ride .
some children wait on a ride for a large crowd .
three children are having a ride on a ride .
it 's cold about .
the children are talking about a ride
little kids on a ride at the park ride .
the kids are all dressed to play .
they are on vacation .
one child is performing yoga .
high children are watching a game on the ride .
the little boy is a teenager
the kids are watching the child are having fun .
the kids are on a ride across the merry-go-round .
the kids are following a family of kids on a ride .
-----------------------------


kids are on a amusement ride .
a car is broke down on the side of the road .
contradiction

the kids are drinking at the pub .
children do n't like their ride .
some kids are driving their car in a movie theater .
the kids watched to be in a car .
kids are sleeping
two adults are talking
the kids are not playing on a ride .
kids are riding their bikes in the park .
adults are playing at a pool .
kids are playing in a park for their friend .
kids playing hockey in the park .
the children are sitting in class
kids playing a park golf .
animals are sitting in a ride .
the kids are in a movie theater
kids are in a park
everyone is sitting by the ride .
the kids are dancing on the playground .
the kids are sleeping in the bed .
kids are sitting in a car on their way home from work .
the kids are sitting in a movie .
nobody is walking .
kids playing at home
kids are at a museum for a movie .
the adults sit along the ride on the ride
the kids are asleep in a ride .
the children were sitting on the playground ride .
the kids are racing down the street .
the kids are driving a car .
kids are sitting on a couch in the park .
-----------------------------


kids are on a amusement ride .
kids ride an amusement ride .
entailment

the kids are riding a ride .
kids riding an ride outside .
the kids are on the ride ride .
the kids have a ride .
the kids are by the ride .
there are children in a ride .
people riding on a ride together .
there are some children in this picture
kids are on a ride .
some kids are riding their exercise ride .
some kids are riding an amusement ride together .
kids are riding a ride at a ride .
the children traveling to ride the ride .
people are outdoors .
kids are at a ride ride .
the kids are on a ride .
the children at a ride on a ride .
the kids are doing a ride
kids are on a ride together .
children are riding their ride .
kids are enjoying a ride .
children are gathered .
kids are sliding down a ride together .
kids are riding a ride
one of the children in the ride is performing on a ride .
kids are enjoying a ride .
kids are playing outside
the kids are on a ride .
a group of kids are on their ride .
there are many children on the ride .
the kids ride an ride together .
-----------------------------


a man in a black shirt is playing golf outside .
a man plays on a golf course to relax .
neutral

a man is practicing for the bowling competition .
a man is preparing for a golf golf .
a guy is playing golf at a park in the morning .
a man plays golf on a golf course .
a man is winning the golf golf at the beach .
the man is about to play golf
someone is at the golf club .
the man is an angry .
he is a teacher .
the man is a famous .
a man is playing golf with his friends
a man is playing his golf tournament for the bowling ball .
the man is performing for a crowd .
a man is winning the golf golf tournament .
a man is playing golf for the first time .
the man is old
the man is old
a golfer is playing with his golf golf .
an old man is playing golf .
a man is throwing a golf ball to his friends .
a man was practicing for a competition .
a man in a black shirt is playing t-ball for the bowling ball .
the man is playing golf on the grass .
a man is playing for the future basketball golf .
a man playing a sport at a park
someone is in a golf tournament .
a man is competing in a bowling game .
a man is playing with a racket .
a man in black performs at a golf course .
a man is hitting the golf ball with his friends .
a man is playing golf outside for his family .
the man is talented .
-----------------------------


a man in a black shirt is playing golf outside .
the man in the black shirt trades pokemon cards with his girlfriend .
contradiction

the man is eating a sandwich .
a man in red and playing golf in the pool .
the man is swimming across the ocean .
a woman playing with her friends at the park .
a man in a red shirt is playing golf with his family .
the man is sitting by the fire .
a man is playing baseball .
the person is going swimming .
a young man is jumping rope in the sand .
a man is eating his lunch at the restaurant .
a gentleman in a red shirt holds an umbrella .
a man is hosting a concert together .
a woman is watching a man play golf .
the man is eating lunch
a man is buying his lunch at the beach .
the man is sitting on a bench .
a guy is singing with his friends .
a man and his dog are eating lunch together .
a man is jumping rope in the sand
no one was having a picnic
there is a play of women
the man is sitting next to his golf golf .
a man in a bikini is going home .
a girl plays golf
the naked man is pitching a baseball .
the man is sitting on the beach playing the game .
a woman in a black shirt is playing frisbee golf .
a guy in a black shirt reads the top of a basketball game .
the shirt is red
a woman playing golf .
a woman is polishing the golf .
a girl is playing golf .
a woman plays golf with her friend .
a man is entertaining his golf in a pool .
a woman in a black shirt watching tv at the park .
he is playing baseball
-----------------------------


a man in a black shirt is playing golf outside .
the man wearing the black shirt plays a game of golf .
entailment

a guy is playing a sport .
a man is serving
a man is moving his golf golf .
someone is playing mini golf .
a golf is a man .
the man in a black shirt is playing golf .
a man is near the golf swing .
there is a man playing golf .
the man is on a golf club
the man plays golf
guys are outside playing golf .
a man is holding a golf .
a man is outside playing golf .
a man in a black shirt plays golf outside .
the man is playing golf .
the man is wearing black and performs .
a man in black is playing golf .
a man in a black shirt is playing golf .
a man is holding a golf object
a man is playing outside
a man is wearing a black shirt .
a man is wearing a black shirt
man carries a golf club
-----------------------------


a older gentleman finds it humorous that he is getting his picture taken while doing his laundry .
a blond man laughs while doing laundry
neutral

the man is putting on a new project .
the man is inspecting the time at the local room .
a gentleman is trying to buy his family .
the man is working hard for a picture of his family .
the man is a professional instructor .
a man is putting his laundry for his family
a gentleman is trying to look for his job for his family .
a guy is looking at a photo for his wife .
the man is contemplating for work .
a guy getting his picture taken for his parents .
the man is waiting for his wife
the man is very cold
the man is very creative for his wife .
the man with his camera is very hot .
the man is dirty
-----------------------------


a older gentleman finds it humorous that he is getting his picture taken while doing his laundry .
a guy laughs while doing laundry
entailment

a person uses a picture with a picture .
a man is getting his picture taken .
someone is using a portrait .
an older man with his camera look at his hands .
a elderly man is taking pictures .
a guy hides his laundry .
a young person has just used his hands
someone is indoors .
a man is posing for his picture to be used .
man takes his picture
a man is getting his picture taken in the laundry .
a person is having their picture taken at his laundry .
the man is working with his picture .
a man with something on his hands has his picture taken .
the guy needs to his picture .
someone is making a picture .
a man is working with a portrait .
the man is getting a picture .
someone is getting their picture taken .
someone is getting their picture taken .
a man using his hands to take a picture .
-----------------------------


a older gentleman finds it humorous that he is getting his picture taken while doing his laundry .
two ladies pin clothes to dry
contradiction

the old man is chopping firewood .
a woman is panting .
the skateboard is old .
a woman is the class of the man .
the man does not have a camera with his hands .
the guy is asleep at home .
a young man cooks his food
a young man prepares to make a new boat
the man is walking in the park at the park .
he is watching football
a woman gets lost cat
a young boy watches his dog about to get his picture taken .
the lady does not like the older man 's hands .
a young girl is crocheting .
the guy is no his hands on his hands .
a woman is standing up .
a young woman is brushing his teeth .
a woman is watching tv inside the barber .
a woman takes a nap on the couch .
the man is sitting under a tree
a woman is watching the man in a band .
the man does n't have his picture taken .
a thin dog is asleep at home at the zoo .
a young woman reading a book
the old man is exercising in the park .
the man is naked climbing the tree .
the person is taking in a plane .
a man plays flag his bicycle
a man was watching his son play with a jump .
the family is asleep in his bed
a man is inside taking a break .
-----------------------------


a man in a green jersey and rollerskates stumbles as a man in a black jersey appears to collide with him .
they are driving cars .
contradiction

a man is playing basketball with his friends .
the man and a man are driving a bus to the mall .
a man and a man are fighting over a dog .
the man is riding an elephant .
one man is alone and sleeping .
a man is taking pictures of his dog .
the man is running after a dog
a man is sitting on a bench looking at his friend .
two woman are drinking from the man 's neck .
a man sits in front of an empty field
a man and women are not watching a man
a boy is putting his hands in the middle of the street .
the man is running away from the man in a green jersey .
both of the men the third man is eating .
two men are arguing .
the women have paint .
one man has a blue and black jersey and a blue jersey .
a man in green and green is taking a bath .
two men are arguing .
a boy is taking a shower in the park .
two women are standing outside .
the man is resting on the couch .
a man watches his wife play on the playground .
two men with their dog walk through the park .
the men are swimming in the lake .
a man and his friend are asleep in a black jersey .
a man is walking to the store .
a man is watching the birds
the man fell his face in the middle of the street .
a man and his wife are doing the car .
-----------------------------


a man in a green jersey and rollerskates stumbles as a man in a black jersey appears to collide with him .
they both fall to the ground .
neutral

the man is going to a job
two guys are posing for a picture .
the man is old
two people in a green jersey prepare for a day
the man is competing in a surfing competition .
the man is very great
two brothers are lifting two frisbees .
a man is happy to be happy
the man is operating an old .
a man is big for his brother .
a couple is attending a party .
two friends are outside together
two sad men is fighting .
the man is going to get a taxi .
the man is in a workshop .
a man in a bikini shows a man 's team for the first time .
an man is watching the man play his vacation .
the man is outside a mall
a man in a green jersey is looking for the first time to go out
the man is helping the man who is the distance in the game .
tall humans floating
a man prepares to play his favorite song
the man is a farmer
a man is performing for a group of people .
a man is playing his new up the park .
a man was giving a speech to a man watching a man .
the group of people have just won a minute .
the man is a cashier and the man is a fashion .
-----------------------------


a man in a green jersey and rollerskates stumbles as a man in a black jersey appears to collide with him .
the man stumbles stumbles in rollerskates .
entailment

a man in a green jersey and looks at something in a field .
a man is outside
man watching his man jump
a human is yelling while a man looks on .
a man with a green jersey is looking at another man .
two people playing together .
a man and a man are in the picture .
a person is seen at an event
a man is doing something
a man is wearing clothes .
two humans running .
the man and a man are outside
the men is present outside .
a man jumps with another man in a green jersey
a mans , a man is in front of a man
there are people jumping .
there are two men and one person .
the is on a man .
-----------------------------


a group of onlookers glance at a person doing a strange trick on her head .
a boy does a card trick .
contradiction

the group is in a room watching a movie .
an indoor team of people reading a book on the street .
the group of people watching tv
no one is bored on the phone .
a group of friends are having a picnic in the park .
a man shows a leap off a diving board .
dog chases his owner
a group of kids are learning to swim .
a large crowd are watching a movie in the theater .
a group of boys are taking a shower .
a group of people are watching a movie in the theater .
the group of people were driving to the store .
a group of boys taking a nap on the beach .
a kid is looking at a dog
the people are ice diving
a man is not standing up
the group of people are watching television .
a bunch of friends is taking a nap on their school .
the dogs sleeps behind a person 's head .
the group is alone in the room .
one child is eating dinner .
no one is watching the scary crowd on the head .
a group is having a picnic
the man is performing a trick of the street .
a boy is playing with a toy
a man is watching a woman at the bottom of the road .
the people are sleeping
a group of people is watching the snow .
no one is getting ready to do off .
one person is sitting on the ground watching a dog play .
a man is reading a book .
the group of children play video games .
all the people are looking through a field .
-----------------------------


a group of onlookers glance at a person doing a strange trick on her head .
onlookers are impressed by the trick .
neutral

friends watch a person 's head .
the group is getting ready for the wedding
a bunch of females are protesting for a wedding .
a few people are watching a person dance .
a group of people is on their team
they are waiting for something to finish in .
a group of friends with their team on her head
the group of people are gather at the concert .
the group of people are at the party .
someone 's head is pointing at a trick at a park
a group of friends are waiting for a tv to do a trick .
a group is happy to be unhappy at a play .
a group of friends work on a new honeymoon .
a group of friends are pointing at a person they is on to a penguin
a bunch of people are getting ready to take a break from work in a
the group of people wait for the camera to finish in the air .
the group of people are on vacation vacation .
a criminal the class has a large crowd .
the people are trying to find a movie theater .
the group of friends were looking at the other child
the group of people is going to a concert .
a group of friends are performing a trick of the game at a bar .
a group of people are smiling for a picture .
the woman won the race on the group .
-----------------------------


a group of onlookers glance at a person doing a strange trick on her head .
people watch another person do a trick .
entailment

a group of people look at another person .
humans on their seat seat
a female 's head is performing a trick .
group of people are on the .
a bunch of people look at the crowd .
a group gets ready for a match .
a group is performing in front of a group of people .
a group of women are looking at a person .
a person is holding a toy .
it is a lot of people in the picture .
the group of people on their head is holding a weird object .
there is a very trick being held
a bunch of people are doing physical physical .
the person is performing .
some people are watching a person playing .
a human is laughing .
the people are not seated .
a group of people are watching a game together .
a small human in a person .
-----------------------------


the middle eastern woman wearing the pink headscarf is walking beside a woman in a purple headscarf .
only one woman is wearing a head scarf .
contradiction

a man is running through a field of flowers .
the woman is asleep on the couch .
a woman and man walk through the park .
two girls are riding their bikes .
the women are having a picnic .
the girl is running .
a boy is showing off the woman .
a woman is getting the woman on the bus .
a man is talking to a woman walking into the ocean .
the child is angry .
the women are riding a bus .
there is no one going on .
the women in the blue outfits are playing basketball .
a woman making a skateboarding in a bright scarf .
the woman and the woman are sitting down in the sun .
two men are riding bikes .
an old man is walking his dog .
a woman is talking on the phone at a bar .
a lady is watching tv in the living room .
a woman is cooking at the table .
two black women are riding a train .
three women are on a beach .
a couple is reading a book .
the women is wearing a black headscarf on the floor .
the women are sitting in the kitchen .
three women are inside a classroom .
a young man is talking on the phone with a woman .
a man is walking and waiting on the bus in the middle of the street
the woman is indoors
two women are sleeping
a black women is swimming at the beach .
two women are jogging in the park
a woman is hugging the woman in the white shirt .
a woman is drinking beer .
a woman in a blue dress sitting alone on her cell phone .
-----------------------------


the middle eastern woman wearing the pink headscarf is walking beside a woman in a purple headscarf .
these two women are friends .
neutral

2 women are waiting for her friend .
the women talking to her friend
the women is looking for a friend .
a sad woman is by a woman .
the woman is tall .
an old lady in pink walks to a woman 's hair .
the woman is shopping
a woman walks with a woman on a date
three women walking on the corner of a bank and get ready to get on
a woman with her family is walking home .
someone is getting her picture taken for her friend
an asian woman in a pink dress is talking to a woman on a date
the woman likes to see the woman .
a woman wearing a robe and winter cold colors is walking to the store to
an older woman in pink walks to her friend .
a blond woman is going to a church .
an old woman is walking in the rain
a woman and kids walking in the snow on the beach .
two white woman are shopping for christmas .
an old woman is walking to the store .
an old woman is walking to a barber shop
a woman trying to find her husband on the beach .
the wedding is the same .
a young woman walking to a job interview .
a woman approaches her son to a friend .
a woman walking to the store at the beach .
-----------------------------


a taxi suv drives past an urban construction site , as a man walks down the street in the other direction .
an suv and a man are going in opposite directions .
entailment

a man in car is going for a walk
a cab is being constructed by an area area .
a man walks down a street in front of a building .
a male is near a construction site .
there is a car by a man .
the man is walking outdoors .
the man is walking .
the driver on the street .
a busy street with a man walking .
a man is walking through a construction site .
someone is walking in an city
a man is watching a car walk .
the man is in a walk .
a man is next to a busy vehicle .
the taxi is walking .
a man is walking between an outdoor area
a person driving his car with a vehicle .
a car is busy to the construction site .
the man is a man in a car
-----------------------------


people wearing red shirts are standing in a large pool of water as it splashes over and around them .
nobody has a shirt on
contradiction

a group of men watch tv at the park .
naked people standing in a pool .
there are no people around their home to play wii .
a man is getting a haircut on the river .
the people are standing indoors .
a boy is painting a mural of the ocean .
group of people in a small pool for a beer .
a group of men in red shirts are walking through the park .
they are sleeping in the water .
the people are flying a plane
they are in the park .
people riding on a bus
a bird eats out of a bowl .
people in ballet shirts is at a restaurant .
people in a meadow are working .
a bunch of people are having a picnic in the park .
three people in red shirts are waiting for the bus .
some people are waiting in line at a wedding .
a few people doing rollerskating at the beach .
there are no men in the ocean .
the people have green shirts on .
the people are sitting in the pool
the man is taking a nap in a gym .
the workers are working in a library .
some people are sitting in a bus stop .
the group of people play volleyball on the street .
no people in the pool are watching .
there are no people in the pool .
-----------------------------


people wearing red shirts are standing in a large pool of water as it splashes over and around them .
a person in a shirt
entailment

the people were wearing shirts and shirts .
there are two people wearing red shirts and holding water .
some people in red shirts outside in a pool .
some people is in a large pool .
people near the water
two people standing near a pool .
people are near water .
the people are working in water .
the crowd of people in the pool .
the people are dressed by a small pool .
several people are around water
a few people have shoes on the pool .
some people stand around the water .
there are people gathered for water .
people near water
people waiting in a pool .
people are in the water
there are several people .
people wear red shirts
there are people working in the water .
some people are near water .
there are people wearing red jumpsuits and walk through the water .
people are wearing red shirts
one people in the pool got wet .
some people are near water .
people in the pool
the people are wearing clothes .
there are many people in this picture , and they are all outside .
-----------------------------


people wearing red shirts are standing in a large pool of water as it splashes over and around them .
a tall person in a shirt
neutral

these men are about to go swimming in the pool .
the men like to stand up .
people are working at the pool
they are waiting for their food .
a group of people are visiting the ocean
the people are mexican
the people are male .
a child is staring at a water wave with her friends .
some people with red shirts and shirts are waiting for the swim in the water
people celebrating in a large large pool .
several friends are standing around to get their picture taken
some friends are watching a river dive
three people wear red shirts and getting ready for a swim .
the crowd of people preparing to go swimming in the pool .
people wearing red shirts getting ready to take a break from in the pool of
the people are yelling .
tourists have ready to go out for an upcoming swim .
a group of people are playing with their friends in a small pool .
a group of people are trying to win a championship of water .
a small small group of people are going swimming at a small pool
-----------------------------


a man in a white t-shirt takes a picture in the middle of the street with two public buses in the background .
a man is wearing a black shirt
contradiction

a man is wearing a black shirt while working on his way .
a man is driving his car to work
the man is eating orange is not in the street .
there is only one man present for the first time .
a girl eats spaghetti in the ocean .
a man in a white t-shirt eats a cake at the beach .
the man is taking a nap .
the man is climbing the tree .
nobody is communicating
a man is taking pictures of his shopping in the mall .
a man is driving a car down a street .
a man is jumping from the buses in the middle of the street .
a posing dog shopping for a family .
a man is playing basketball with people
a man is having lunch in the park .
a man at the bar reading a book to his friend .
the child is dead
a teacher is reading a book in the ocean .
the woman is baking cookies
a woman is cleaning the room with the buses .
a young girl in a white shirt taking a picture .
a man is painting a flag on his way to work .
a man is at home holding a dog .
a man is sitting down on a bench looking at the street
a man is reading his dog .
a shirtless man is wearing a blue shirt .
there is a man at the beach .
the is woman and a woman .
a woman is dancing
the man is inside the light station .
-----------------------------


a man in a white t-shirt takes a picture in the middle of the street with two public buses in the background .
a man is wearing a white shirt
entailment

a man is outside taking a picture for the bus .
the man is using a camera with his photo .
there is a lot of than than one crowd of people in it .
a man is posing for a photograph
there is a man with a camera .
a guy has a photographer .
the man is in the middle of the street .
there is a man photographing his road .
a man is posing outside for a bus .
a man is taking a picture .
the man is wearing a shirt .
the man is outside getting a picture .
a man is posing for a picture
the man is taking a picture outdoors .
there is a man outdoors
there is a photographer in the street .
a man is holding a camera with two buses .
a man is spending time with a picture of two buses
a man is taking a picture of a man and two cars .
a man is taking pictures of people
the man is wearing a t-shirt on the street .
a man is working at his photo taken in the street .
a man is posing with his photo
a man in a white shirt is in the street with a sign .
a man in a white t-shirt holds a picture of two cars .
the man is near .
the man is looking at the street .
man posing for a picture
a person is near the street
the man is shooting equipment equipment .
a picture of people is taking pictures .
a man is posing for a photograph
he is wearing white
-----------------------------


a man in a white t-shirt takes a picture in the middle of the street with two public buses in the background .
a man is taking photos while on tour in nyc
neutral

a man trying to take pictures of his friend .
the man is modeling to a camera .
a tall man taking a picture of two cars .
a man is taking a picture of a shopping intersection .
a man is going on vacation in the middle of the street
a man is trying to take his pictures of his life .
a young man takes a picture of his car
the man is in the street looking for his friend .
the professional bus is very stable at the street .
a man is taking a picture for a drag in the street .
some students is taking pictures .
the couple is working together for the company .
the gay man is examining a sign .
a man takes a picture of people at a market with his car in the
a tall person photo a magazine .
a man is taking a picture of new york city
a man is preparing for the bus at the street .
a man is posing at an oncoming station about to take a picture of the
a man going to his job at a market with his family .
a young man is showing off for the train
-----------------------------


a shirtless man is singing into a microphone while a woman next to him plays an accordion .
he is polish .
neutral

the homeless man is singing .
a man watches a woman sings to a crowd .
the woman and man were about to play the stage .
a choir is being accomplished .
a man is waving to a woman with a musician in a park .
beautiful woman band in front of a crowd
a tall person sings
a man is performing for a crowd of people .
two people are playing a jazz song .
a man is performing a concert for his friends at a party .
the two friends are preparing a man sings .
a man and woman are on their birthday .
the man is old
a man and woman are singing for an audience .
someone is performing his parents .
the man is old .
a man and woman were just finished singing together .
there is a concert in the park .
the man is his parents .
the man is performing for the audience
a man is giving his wife a speech to a woman
the man is paid
the two friends are watching a man .
-----------------------------


a shirtless man is singing into a microphone while a woman next to him plays an accordion .
he is playing a saxophone .
contradiction

a woman throws himself .
a man is taking turns home .
a man is swimming .
a man rides a woman at the crowd
a girl eats the microphone .
the woman is sitting in the park
two people running around a lake .
the man is naked
the couple are having lunch .
a woman talking to a man in a violin .
the man is eating lunch
the man is drinking from the soda .
the woman and man are sleeping
a man singing at a baseball game
the man is watching tv
a man and woman are running a marathon .
some men are singing .
the man is reading the newspaper .
a man gets his dog done for a campfire .
a woman is dancing with a man .
a man is attending the stage at the beach .
a blond man is holding a woman on a bench .
the man is sitting at the park .
the man is playing the trumpet at the pool .
a couple is playing a game of baseball .
two people sleeping in a microphone
a man is talking to his wife at a park .
a man is playing the saxophone .
a woman is going swimming at the beach .
a couple is watching a movie in a theater .
-----------------------------


a shirtless man is singing into a microphone while a woman next to him plays an accordion .
a man is singing into a microphone .
entailment

the man is into the audience .
a man is singing and playing an instrument .
the man is squinting into a microphone .
there is people singing .
a man is singing
a man with his accordion is playing an instrument
the man is performing a song .
a person is singing into an instrument .
man is using an instrument
a man and woman are wearing headphones .
a singer
there is a man play an instrument .
there is a band playing music .
there are at least two people .
someone is being sung with a woman playing accordion .
there are two people singing .
a guy and woman performing an instrument .
a man is performing at an instrument .
there is a singer singing .
the man is playing music for a woman
a person is on a instrument .
a person is performing an instrument singing .
a man has an audience with a man
-----------------------------


women and children sitting outside in the shade while a group of younger children sitting inside in the shade .
it is very sunny outside .
neutral

the women all have three mothers on their way .
the children and their children are at a park
people sit in the park and have their children in the shade .
people are enjoying the spring .
there are several people sitting at a park .
a group of girls discuss their children for a picture .
women shopping for lunch .
people near a park for their children .
the woman and children nearby to the park
a group of children is enjoying the sunset in the park .
the park is the children 's father .
an class of children build a house and laughing while sitting outside of a field
the group of children are watching a movie .
they are helping their children get into the water
a group of children are playing with their children outside .
some girls and children are looking at a woman in the park .
the crowd is waiting for the bus .
family is talking to each other on the street
friends and children outside at a park
the females were sitting by a set of different children and friends .
there is a group of children enjoying the tea
the group of children were sitting in the park .
four ladies and children are waiting for a bus at the shade .
these adults sit at the park .
the kids and their and are at a park .
there are a group of children in the park .
the women are enjoying the day in the morning .
women are getting ready to take a nap
-----------------------------


women and children sitting outside in the shade while a group of younger children sitting inside in the shade .
the woman and kids and sitting down .
entailment

the woman and children are near each other .
an outdoor girl and children are outside .
the group of children are sitting outside .
women and children are in the sun .
there are multiple people and a group of people sitting outside .
4 people sitting outside
six children are sitting .
the six people the children are sitting .
a child is sitting next to a group of children .
some women and children are near a group of children sitting outside .
the woman and children are outside on the street .
there is a family and children .
a group of children and children are sitting outside .
woman and kids outside .
there are people with their children .
it is a sitting near a group of people sitting .
the females are sitting near a group of children
there are people outside .
woman and children sit outside .
-----------------------------


women and children sitting outside in the shade while a group of younger children sitting inside in the shade .
the woman is running .
contradiction

the people were looking at a picture of a man .
there is no one around the children .
a group of children sits in the living room watching a movie .
all adults are running in the park .
the group of men are trying to get a drink of water .
an old man is sitting in an empty street
four kids sit in the living room , holding a group of young children .
the women are inside a building .
the man and woman are standing in the sun .
the women and children sleeping .
the children are all chased .
the family is standing in the grass and talking .
the women and children are swimming .
adults are standing in some grass
nobody is by adults .
the women and children are running .
young people are standing at a park .
the children are sleeping in the grass .
three kids are sitting in the grass .
a group of children are standing in a park with their kids .
a group of children and children sit on a bench in the park .
there are children sitting on the couch .
the woman and children are shopping in the same bed .
children sleep in their living room
the women and children are sitting in a hotel .
some children are sitting at the table .
the man and children are in the park watching a movie .
they are standing in line .
some children are standing in the grass and some kids are playing in the grass
three men and their village are looking at children .
a group of children are holding a dog .
people take a shower in the shade .
the woman and children are indoors .
four children are sleeping on the beach .
people are swimming in the lake .
the crowd of children are running .
-----------------------------


a pregnant lady singing on stage while holding a flag behind her .
a woman is sick in bed .
contradiction

a woman is sitting with a man
no one is holding a doll .
a man is asleep in his bed
women ride on a boat .
the woman likes the man
the woman is sleeping .
a boy is having a conversation .
a woman is walking the disco on the street .
a lady singing alone in her bed .
a clown is fighting themselves on stage in front of the ocean .
a woman shares a dead boy .
a young woman with no hair is watching tv at home .
a girl is holding a purse on her couch
an adult is sleeping on a stage stage .
a woman is standing on her phone .
the girl is kneeling by the fire .
a boy is watching the children .
the clown is married .
a man is talking on a stage in the park .
a woman watching television
a man is the crowd cheers at the man .
a young couple is singing on stage in the park .
a woman standing alone
there is only two adults playing the drums .
the woman is sitting on the bench .
the is in a field .
a woman is walking his dog by the road .
woman is eating
the woman is at the movie theater .
a guy is cooking at the beach
a lady is listening to the man .
an man is playing an instrument .
there is an old man .
-----------------------------


a pregnant lady singing on stage while holding a flag behind her .
a woman is making music .
entailment

the woman is on the stage .
a woman watches a singer .
there is a lady singing
a woman performing an instrument on stage .
a child holding a flag and is holding a flag .
a woman is singing at the stage .
a female sings is performing .
a young woman and child were listening on stage .
a lady is being holding an object .
there is a baby in a crowd playing .
a female kid singing on stage
a female is holding a flag and a flag .
the woman is holding a flag .
the woman performing a song on her stage .
a woman and children kiss at the stage .
this person singing a song .
the woman is going on .
-----------------------------


a pregnant lady singing on stage while holding a flag behind her .
a lady is participating in a talent show .
neutral

a woman is having a ceremony at the party .
a lady is performing a yoga show .
a woman is the child 's mother .
a young female is holding a flag at a concert .
the lady is in a competition .
the she is large .
a child is listening to the school play .
the woman is skilled at a class .
an elderly woman and her husband were performing .
a woman is winning her mother
a lady is performing with a loud white thing on the stage for the crowd
a woman sings her son to play with a loud .
the couple is singing at a concert .
a mother is dancing by the school of the crowd .
the woman performing a concert at the local bar .
the woman is a couple
a woman singing with her child .
a woman is performing a concert .
the lady is enjoying the stage in front of a crowd .
the lady is at the birthday party .
kids are making a ceremony .
the woman is singing a musical piece .
the woman sings she she is wearing a blue .
-----------------------------


the two farmers are working on a piece of john deere equipment .
men are working on john deere equipment
entailment

two people are looking for the equipment .
two workers are talking on a piece .
two people are working on equipment .
two individuals are working on a piece of equipment
the asians are doing a piece of equipment .
two people are working on a equipment equipment .
construction workers are working on a project .
two people are working .
two volunteers are at work
construction workers are using equipment .
the men are using their equipment .
two individuals are doing something to be done .
two machines being working on a equipment .
two asians are using equipment .
two machines equipment is working on a equipment equipment .
some men are using their equipment to work .
two individuals are outside with corn equipment .
two workers are on the equipment .
two people are working on a equipment .
one of the workers are doing something .
two construction workers work on a equipment
workers are cutting equipment .
there are two people working on a piece of equipment .
two construction workers are working on equipment .
-----------------------------


the two farmers are working on a piece of john deere equipment .
john deere equipment is being worked on by two farmers
entailment

some individuals look on a equipment
there are workers building something .
two people in a machine .
there are two stores equipment .
two people have something at a equipment .
the asians are using equipment in a machine .
two people working on equipment .
two construction workers are working on a equipment .
two people are getting their job .
two workers are getting ready .
two machines are working with the equipment .
people work on equipment .
two people are going on a piece .
two construction workers are working on the equipment .
the couple is working on a piece of equipment .
two people are working for a task .
two individuals are working for a job .
a couple was at the job .
the workers are working .
the two workers are moving into a equipment .
-----------------------------


the two farmers are working on a piece of john deere equipment .
2 men are making a pool together
contradiction

two cats are sleeping
construction workers are cooking dinner .
two cats chasing a ball .
workers are at home
two cats are fighting to the same of the year .
there are no guys digging a hole
workers are hard waiting for a bus .
two worker walking down the street .
two indian woman are riding a train .
a woman is taking a break at work .
two indian ladies are picking up a frisbee .
two people are having lunch together .
two individuals are fixing up the yard .
the dogs eat a bone
two men are working with a sewing machine .
the men is swimming laps in a field .
the indian workers are breaking into the oven .
the dogs are grazing together .
a group of dancers are performing for a group of people .
two people are fighting .
two ladies are sleeping at a restaurant .
two cats are swimming in the lake .
there are only women working .
no one is working hard to climb the ground .
two girl are napping on a couch .
a woman is taking a nap on a couch .
two laborers are on a train .
two men are building a snowman .
two construction workers are sleeping .
the workers are sitting next to the bus .
two indian fisherman are inside a house .
two workers are napping .
the machines machines equipment an broken .
the two people sit on the bench at the park .
-----------------------------


a little boy in a blue shirt holding a toy .
boy dressed in blue carrying toy to a toybox .
neutral

the little boy is caucasian .
a boy in blue holds a toy for the first time .
a little boy is holding a toy to go on .
a child in a blue shirt holds a toy outside .
a little boy watches the toy to his friend .
a little boy is playing with a toy in the kitchen .
the boy likes to his toy .
a little boy showing his toy in his hands to work .
the boy is in the store .
the little boy is attending a wedding .
the little boy is smiling .
two boys playing fetch with a toy .
the little boy is showing off .
a little boy is trying to find her toy for a picture .
a boy is holding a toy at a party .
a little boy with a toy is trying to get his .
a young boy is holding his toy for his friend .
the boy in the blue shirt is the boy 's birthday party .
a boy is holding his new toy at the table .
a boy shows his toys for a crowd .
a child is making a new toy for a wedding .
the boy is playing in a toy shop .
the little boy is outside .
a father holding his toy for his friend .
-----------------------------


a little boy in a blue shirt holding a toy .
boy dressed in red lighting things on fire .
contradiction

the little boy is dancing .
a boy is jumping into the pool .
a boy is watching television .
the boy is sleeping on the floor .
a boy is watching television indoors .
a boy is holding a kitten .
the little boy is standing in the pool .
a little boy is standing on the couch .
a child has no hair .
a little boy is being held by a car .
a little girl in a blue shirt holding a toy at the beach .
a kid is holding a puppy in his hands .
a kid is eating an ice cream cone
a boy in a blue shirt is eating a meal .
a child is decorating his home .
the little girl is sitting
a little boy is shoveling his car .
a boy is wearing a red shirt and is holding a toy .
a boy and woman are walking in the woods .
a woman cries into her room .
the boy is doing tricks on the bed .
the boy is shirtless
a child is holding a rope at the beach .
a girl is stealing lemonade from the ocean .
the child is wearing a white shirt
a little girl is throwing something .
a girl is watching the toy .
a boy falls off a bridge .
an old man is at the park .
a child is drinking a soda .
-----------------------------


a little boy in a blue shirt holding a toy .
boy dressed in blue holds a toy .
entailment

the boy is holding a toy .
a kid is holding a toy .
a boy with a toy is riding a toy .
little little boy holding a toy .
there is a small boy .
a boy is riding on a toy .
a boy is with an object .
the little boy is wearing a shirt .
a little boy is holding a toy .
the little child is wearing blue .
a little boy with a blue shirt holds his toy
a little boy is with a toy .
a boy with something in his hands is being held .
a little boy is being used .
a boy hold his a toy and is standing .
a little boy is holding a toy
a little boy is with his toy .
a boy is having a toys .
a little boy was holding a toy
little boy is carrying a toy .
a boy is holding a toy
a boy is standing near a toy .
there is a small boy in the blue shirt .
the little boy is on a toy .
the boy is wearing a shirt .
a kid holding an object
the little boy was wearing a blue shirt .
a little boy has his blue shirt .
a boy is holding a toy at his sides .
a kid is holding a toy .
a boy in a blue shirt has a toy .
the child is wearing a blue shirt .
a boy has his toy
the little boy is sitting with a toy .
a boy with a toy from the top .
the little boy is wearing a blue shirt .
little boy stands in front of the toy .
-----------------------------


a woman is writing something on a post-it note which is hanging on a bulletin board with a lot of other post-it notes .
the woman is writing a grocery list .
neutral

the woman is part of a class .
a lady is calling her husband on the news .
the woman writing a book to her friend .
a woman is reading the paper for a new birthday
someone is working on their project for a topic .
a woman is having a good time playing her office .
the woman is smiling reading the apple .
the woman was bored .
a woman watches the sad lady sew her paper .
a lady with a note is waiting for her boss .
a woman practices for her birthday party
the woman works a chart for the company .
woman fixing an expensive apple .
an old woman is building a iphone on a friday table .
a woman is preparing to play a game with her family .
an artist is ready for an upcoming party for an upcoming
a woman is holding a paper reads to the doctors waiting for her friend .
a woman is very old .
the woman is preparing for a test .
the sad woman is on the tablet .
a lady is reading a book to her friend .
a woman uses the paper at the paper sale for the day .
a woman is taking a photo of the her grandmother .
-----------------------------


a woman is writing something on a post-it note which is hanging on a bulletin board with a lot of other post-it notes .
the woman is talking on the phone .
contradiction

a girl is eating a steak .
a woman sets a paper on a wall .
a woman with a sheet top is eating at the restaurant .
a woman in the middle of the hall is singing .
a woman throws rocks into a paper and a sheet .
a female is singing to a crowd of people .
a woman is holding a dog in the park .
the women is not making a picture of a paper
a woman is watching a woman reads an airplane .
a woman is sitting in the middle of the road .
a woman is holding a pencil on a fire .
a woman in a yankee was reading a paper at the newspaper .
a woman is playing cards every the park .
an old woman is on the playground .
a woman and an animal are swimming .
a young woman is making a cake .
a woman working on an empty classroom .
a woman with blonde hair is watching tv
a woman eating a meal .
there is a women holding a puppy .
the women is waiting on the train .
the woman is playing football
a woman is bald .
a woman in the doctors office the dinner .
the woman is sitting on the ground .
the women is standing along the newspaper .
-----------------------------


a woman is writing something on a post-it note which is hanging on a bulletin board with a lot of other post-it notes .
the woman is writing a note .
entailment

the women is standing by a paper .
an artist is ready to perform .
a woman in a shirt is reading something .
an artist is working on a note to a woman .
a lady listens to a presentation .
a woman is having a paper with her hands .
the woman is read something on the newspaper .
a woman on a paper .
a woman is writing on a paper .
the woman speaks by a screen .
a women is reading a paper .
the woman reading an instrument .
a human uses .
a woman is holding a paper .
a person with a sheet of looks is writing a note
a woman is performing the paper .
a woman with a note writing through a paper
a woman is making something with a paper .
a lady looks on a a sheet .
the is on a sheet of something .
-----------------------------


a baby at the end of a slip and slide at a party
the baby is wet .
entailment

a small child is standing outside .
a baby is outside
a baby is in the air .
there is a baby around .
the baby has an individual .
the baby looks at something .
a child is having a conversation
the baby is outside .
a baby is on top of a slide .
a baby looks on while on a swing .
a baby is on a slide .
the baby is on the slide .
there is a baby is in front of a slide .
-----------------------------


a baby at the end of a slip and slide at a party
the man is at the end of the slip and slide
contradiction

two children are swimming .
the baby sits in his chair
dog eats birds
the baby is sleeping in his bed .
a child is standing in the middle of a house .
an elderly child is riding a motorcycle .
the baby is sitting inside .
a baby is not taking a break in the air .
the baby sits at the pool .
the baby sits in the park watching the game .
a baby is riding a sleigh through the park .
the baby is standing in the bleachers .
the baby is drawing a football .
the baby is drinking tea
the little girl was at home
a man is sleeping on a bench .
he is sleeping in bed .
a child eats a sandwich
a boy watches the movie
the baby is driving on the street .
an babies on a beach
a child is taking an empty room at the bar .
a baby is sitting on the ground because he is going to the store .
the baby lies in his bed in the middle of the ocean .
a kid is asleep at home .
a black baby is playing xbox on the couch .
the baby is naked
the baby is surfing on the ocean .
a baby eats ice cream at an empty field .
an old lady in a car
the baby is at home sitting on the couch .
a child is playing outside on the couch .
a child lays in a recliner on a sunny day .
a man in a suit is playing with his baby on the couch .
there is a baby eating dinner .
the child sits in a chair
the baby is walking outdoors .
-----------------------------


a baby at the end of a slip and slide at a party
there is a party
entailment

there is a young child outdoors .
a baby in the back of the slide
a baby is outdoors
baby is at a party
a baby looks at the party
several children are outside during the day .
kids are outside
an infant lies down
a baby is under the top of a slide .
a baby is in front of a party .
this 's in the day
the baby is outside
the baby is standing outside .
a kid outside
-----------------------------


a girl swings high in the air .
a girl is gaining momentum to flip off the swing
neutral

the girl is jumping her back .
a girl is pointing to a ball
a girl is showing off her new swing .
a girl wearing a basketball game is about to go for a run .
a girl prepares to play soccer .
a girl is playing hopscotch with her friends .
a girl is hitting the tennis ball on the air .
the girl is about to jump off .
the girl jumps for a jump .
the girl is training for a big jump .
a girl practices a blue jump .
a girl jumps up and down at a school playground .
a girl jumps in the air to catch a ball .
the girl is jumping rope .
a young girl swinging a bat and is celebrating her birthday .
a girl is having fun with her friends .
the girl is wearing a bikini .
the girl is wearing a shirt .
a girls is having fun
a girl is practicing for a competition for the week .
a girl swings on her boyfriend
a girl is preparing to go for a run
a girl smiles while she is afraid of her husband .
a girl and her friends are watching the girl .
a girl hits her first winning of her dog .
a girl is having a good time in the air .
the girl is playing a game for her family .
the girls jumps on a trampoline .
a girl jumps at a blue jump .
an old girl swings on her boyfriend
-----------------------------


a girl swings high in the air .
a girl is laying in the pool
contradiction

the girl sits on the ground and eating lunch .
the boy is in the living room .
a girl is swimming home
a girl is playing baseball in the pool .
a girl is swimming after the big rope .
the boy is sitting on the couch .
girl is crying and crying in the pool .
the dog is falling from the air .
the girl is lying in bed .
a dog is ignoring the ball
a boy is developing the bay on the ground .
the girl plays softball .
a boy is fishing
a boy eats a child while sitting on the couch .
the women is swimming .
the girls is sleeping .
the man is on a boat
the girl is flying a plane
girl goes get bed .
a boy falls off the ground alone .
the girl is alone in the grass .
dog chases a cat
a man is drawing a child 's house .
a woman is taking a nap
a man is jumping on a trampoline
a girl is having lunch and sitting .
a girl play basketball with his friends .
a boy is riding a bike down the street while holding a blue shirt .
the girl is standing up .
there is a girls drinking coffee after a long day .
the girl is eating .
she walks through the forest .
-----------------------------


a girl swings high in the air .
a girl is on a swing
entailment

the girls leaped the air
a child in a jump
there is a human jumping .
a girl leaping around in the air .
someone is playing a .
a girl jumps up on the air .
the girl is outdoor .
the girl is interacting .
the girl is not on the ground .
a girl is in the air .
the person is swinging .
the girl jumps up and down .
the girl is leaping .
a young female swings on the air .
person is getting wet
-----------------------------


a view of the back of a woman having a beverage .
woman drinks a beer
neutral

a lady is holding a beer on her back
the woman loves her friend .
the woman just finished a shopping center .
the woman poses for a picture
a woman with a drink reading a drink and drink a beer .
a female display is having a conversation with her family .
a young woman with a drinks beverages holding a drinks .
someone in a race is underway
an angry woman on a drink drink .
the woman is the kids .
a woman trying to seduce on the grill
a female is at the carnival .
a woman is getting ready to go on a date .
a women is about to eat lunch .
the woman just heard .
a woman is taking a lunch break and drink .
a woman is about to serve .
the people are hungry
a sad woman is holding a milk on the ground .
the woman likes to eat .
the vendor walked her drink in the stroller
woman waiting for someone else in front of the store .
some people on vacation .
a woman is very cold .
the woman is asian
sad woman waiting to eat .
-----------------------------


a view of the back of a woman having a beverage .
woman dumps the drink on a man
contradiction

the woman is not looking .
a man showing his country to a friend .
the old woman stands on the street corner
a couple is eating a steak .
the man fell down his beverage
woman sitting on her cell .
the man is talking on the street
the woman is driving her bus .
a man is very old .
a man celebrates up the playground for a house .
a man is taking a picture of a woman in the back .
a man is making lunch with his family .
the women sits down
the woman sits on the sofa watching the basketball .
the woman and a man are eating .
the dog is jumping around .
a woman and her birds are walking in the park .
a woman cooking in a kitchen .
a woman plays her flute at a funeral .
a woman is watching television at the library .
a woman is sitting next to a loaf
the man is working in the field .
a woman reading a book .
a blonde woman is swimming in a lake .
the woman is walking her dog .
a girl is watching t.v. .
a man is making a lot of drinks
a woman is sitting on the beach playing the game .
a man is eating his cake .
a man is trying to look at the stars .
a man is talking on a phone
the man is smiling .
a child is eating a pizza in the park .
-----------------------------


a view of the back of a woman having a beverage .
woman has a drink
entailment

a girl holding a drink .
the woman is looking up .
a woman is with a drink
a woman is holding a milk .
a girl is preparing drinks .
a person holding a drink
their is a woman .
humans holding something .
a female hanging out of a drink .
a human lifting
a woman is having a drink .
a person is making a drink .
a woman is watching a woman .
a woman making a drink
a woman is consuming something .
a woman is holding a drink
a woman prepared to use .
-----------------------------


a lady sitting on a bench that is against a building and under a poster of a man in a uniform waving .
a person sitting
entailment

the woman is sitting .
the lady sits in a bench .
there are two females
a lady is sitting with a poster on a bench
a lady is sitting on a bench
a lady is on a bench
the bench is being held by a woman .
a woman and man are sitting .
a woman dressed in a uniform sits on a bench with a poster .
there are a few people .
a female is giving a poster on a bench .
a woman leaves the bench
the lady is using a poster .
woman sitting down outside
the women sit in front of a building .
a lady in a shirt has a poster .
some woman is on the bench .
the lady is sitting .
-----------------------------


a lady sitting on a bench that is against a building and under a poster of a man in a uniform waving .
a tall person sitting
neutral

a lady holding a poster on a bench to get to his friend .
the man is wearing a silver costume .
a lady sits outside on a bench at the park
a women and a man sit on a bench waiting for the bus .
the poster is part of a church
the lady and man are looking for a nap .
the woman is looking at a party for a wedding .
a lady is sitting on a bench with her friends .
a woman is helping the child who is sitting on the bench .
there is an old lady wearing a uniform .
a lady is looking for a poster to her husband .
a woman is holding her new poster for a photo .
a lady is taking a break on a bench .
a husband and wife are on a bench .
the lady was dressed as santa .
a woman in a blue shirt sitting at her desk with her granddaughter
a woman is taking a break from winning the race .
the man has been blown on a bench .
a lady is very young
the lady is enjoying the church .
a woman and man are checking for a play .
a lady was getting ready to eat a cake .
the man is waiting to be happy .
a young woman is taking her way to the church .
a woman is waiting for the bus on a bench .
the lady is a woman .
a lady is wearing a uniform and is going to the store .
the older woman is sitting next to her friend 's house .
a lady is helping her father 's new suit .
-----------------------------


a lady sitting on a bench that is against a building and under a poster of a man in a uniform waving .
nobody is sitting
contradiction

a woman and man walking on the beach .
a guy stands in the middle of a church .
lady running
a man is kneeling at home .
a woman is singing aloud .
a lady is swimming in the ocean with her friend .
a man is having dinner at a restaurant .
girl sleeping for a break .
a man is sleeping on his bed .
the woman is by a concrete .
nobody is sitting .
a woman shopping for shoes .
the man is on the moon .
a young man is talking to a car .
the women stand
the lady is sitting on a bench in a field .
no one is standing in front of a building .
a lady is in a barber shop .
a young girl is standing on a bench watching a lady play .
a woman playing fetch in her kitchen .
a woman is scuba diving at the pool .
there is a dog sitting outside holding a blue suit .
a man is standing with a man sitting on a bench with his friends .
the lady is sitting on a chair .
a lady with long hair is sitting at the park .
a lady is stealing pockets .
a man rides a bus through a forest
a man sleeping at home sleeping
a lady in a suit is watching tv .
some woman is standing up .
a young woman is sitting at a table in her kitchen .
-----------------------------


a man with a shopping cart is studying the shelves in a supermarket aisle .
the man is trying to pick out what cereal to choose .
neutral

the man is a famous shopping cart .
a man is shopping for his new expensive shopping cart .
a man is working on his new new bike of the store .
the man is waiting for his friend .
a man is showing the shopping display of new new .
the man is a business boy .
a man is about to go shopping .
a man is scared inside the store .
the man is old
a man is trying to get a lot of sale
a tall human trying to keep his shopping cart .
-----------------------------


a man with a shopping cart is studying the shelves in a supermarket aisle .
a man is watching a movie in a theater .
contradiction

the man is running in a marathon .
a man with a food cart is sitting in a cafe .
a man is washing his shopping display of cars .
a woman is at the movies .
a man in nothing in a store is holding a shopping cart .
a man is driving a car through a field of cows .
a man is walking shopping for its shoes .
the man is hiding in a market .
the man is knitting a dress .
a man is wearing a dress in the park .
a man in a suit dances through the street .
the woman is shopping for rice .
a naked lady is working .
a man is eating his best time at the park .
a man is reading a book in the library .
the man is selling a new bunch of apples .
a woman is eating lunch with a family .
the man is fast asleep in his bed .
a man is walking on the sidewalk
woman taking a break
a woman with a man is waiting .
the man is drinking wine .
the man is barefoot
a man is riding his motorcycle to a park .
a man is driving a car
a man is driving to the store
a woman is holding a small toy in a shopping cart .
a dog catches a ball in the store .
a man is inside taking a break
a man is cooking at his desk in a restaurant .
a man is holding a child 's house .
a man is watching a movie at a theater .
the man is petting his garden .
the man sits at the table eating lunch .
a man in a shopping cart is going for a walk .
-----------------------------


a man with a shopping cart is studying the shelves in a supermarket aisle .
there is a man inside a supermarket .
entailment

a man cooks a cart .
a man is near a store .
there is a man working on a store .
the man is working .
a man has a customer .
a man is visiting the store .
the shopping cart is busy .
a man with a shopping cart is outside the store
a man is moving his cart in a shop .
a man prepares to use a shopping cart .
a man is working while a person is sitting .
the man is looking inside .
a man is working in the store .
a man is preparing for his shopping .
a man is studying at the grocery store .
man has a store on his shopping .
the man is working .
a casually man with a shopping cart is waiting for the store .
there is a man in a shopping cart .
a man is talking in a store
man riding a cart .
the man is looking at the store .
someone is in the picture
a man is operating putting out a store in an a store .
a man is surrounded by his shopping cart .
the man is near the mall .
the man with a shopping cart is talking on the cart .
a man is listening to himself in the store .
-----------------------------


a man wearing sunglasses is sitting on the steps outside , reading a magazine .
the man is sitting .
entailment

a human reading
a man is reading a magazine about on the steps .
a man is reading on steps .
a man looks at his magazine .
a man is on the steps .
a man with a magazine next to a poster on the steps .
a man reads a magazine outside .
the man is looking at something on the steps .
there is a man with a poster .
some people are outside .
a man in sunglasses and a magazine is reading .
a man in sunglasses and a magazine is sitting on steps .
a man watches a magazine .
a man is sitting reading a magazine .
a man in sunglasses and a magazine is reading a magazine .
a man is reading .
the man is near the advertisements .
a man is holding a magazine .
there is a man outside .
a man reads outside a magazine on the steps
-----------------------------


a man wearing sunglasses is sitting on the steps outside , reading a magazine .
the man is reading tips on how to be a better boy friend .
neutral

the man tries to make a speech .
the man is reading the newspaper .
a sad man is using phone to work
an elderly man is waiting for a break to make a magazine .
a man with sunglasses reading a magazine on the steps at a newspaper .
a man with sunglasses is reading a book on the steps at a park .
a man is reading the newspaper while waiting .
a man is trying to get his job for a job .
a man waits for his ride in the park .
a teacher is reading a romance romance books .
a man is trying to buy his cellphone on the steps .
a man reading a book to his friends .
a man is holding a conversation with his friends on the steps .
a man is reading the notes on the steps at a new bar
two brothers play a magazine about a man they get his picture taken .
a guy is reading a book about the paper .
a man is reading the paper while waiting for his friend .
the man is looking for something
the man is looking for a picture
a man reading a book on the steps at a store .
the man is reading the newspaper .
a white man sitting on steps he made in a book .
the man is making a speech .
the man is reading an article on the steps .
a man is reading the newspaper for the day .
the man is scared .
a man is looking at a women 's party .
a man is reading about a book
the teacher is studying for the church .
-----------------------------


a woman sitting outside weaving a long piece of red , white , and blue cloth .
he is jumping over a house
contradiction

a woman is inside of a house
a person is relaxing at home .
woman sitting around to throw the ball .
a woman is on a boat .
a female is standing in front of a tree .
a man is making a new sculpture .
the woman is watching a movie together .
a woman and man are laying on the couch .
a woman is taking a walk in the park
a guy is sitting at the park
the person is in a classroom
the woman was running .
a woman is sleeping at home watching tv .
a man is sitting looking for a car .
a woman is walking away .
a man rides a bike down a street .
a woman is having a conversation at the bar .
a woman sits on the ground and painting a portrait .
the woman was cooking for the sun .
a woman is taking a shower on the beach .
a lady is watching tv .
a bird sits on a beach .
the woman is cooking dinner .
a woman is twirling her .
a woman is indoors watching on
a guy throwing a baseball on the street .
a man rides a tricycle on a street .
a woman is sitting under a blue and blue cloth .
a man is using a bullhorn at a beach
the woman is cutting the wood .
a woman is taking a break on the bench .
a woman and blue cloth are eating lunch at the kitchen table .
a man is throwing a tantrum .
a woman with a black and blue long-sleeve sits at the kitchen
the woman uses a sewing .
a woman puts a car .
the woman is sewing .
a woman with a red and blue scarf handles a bike .
the women is walking away from the red and blue .
-----------------------------


a woman sitting outside weaving a long piece of red , white , and blue cloth .
she is working with cloth
entailment

a woman is outside
a woman has a red and white and blue and blue .
a woman is outside .
the woman is sitting near a statues .
the woman is outside
there are someone working together .
the woman is sitting on the steps .
a woman is hanging out .
the woman is near a porch .
a woman with wooden hair .
the woman is outside
woman dressed outside .
woman working near a piece of hair .
-----------------------------


a woman sitting outside weaving a long piece of red , white , and blue cloth .
she is weaving an american flag
neutral

a woman is enjoying her friends for her job .
the woman is working to sell the dishes .
a sad woman demonstrates the red of black and blue cloth .
a woman is helping her friend 's house .
a woman works for a wedding
there is a women going to work .
a woman waits for a bus to take a break on .
a woman is shopping .
a woman is fixing a new sculpture .
the woman is outside to go home .
a women is talking to her sister
a lady is trying to find out of the garden .
a woman is enjoying the time outside .
a woman is waiting at a park party .
a woman with long hair and blue and blue is eating lunch .
a female doing her work to work on a project .
a woman is working hard
a woman is trying to find the new york building .
a woman has been working for a construction project .
the woman is talking to a friend .
a lady was bored
a woman is adding the bank of her friends .
a washing woman is getting a job for work .
-----------------------------


a person powerwashing stairs leading down to a pool .
a person washes stairs
entailment

the person is outdoor by a pool .
there is a pool .
someone is walking around the pool .
the person is outside
someone is outside
someone is at a pool .
a person is hanging from a pool .
someone is near the water
the person intends to be in the pool .
someone is moving into the pool .
the person walking .
the person is outside .
an animal is outdoors .
on a body of water a person observes .
the person is walking outdoors .
the guy is by a pool .
there is a person is laying in the water .
a person on a pool has a pool in a pool .
the person is going up a pool .
a person uses his latest up .
someone is in the water .
a person is exercising .
there are people outdoors .
a person is traveling
a person was taking his foot up a pool .
-----------------------------


a person powerwashing stairs leading down to a pool .
a worker cleans near the pool
entailment

the person is outside together .
someone is going for a walk .
the person is by the pool .
the person is outside
there is a person next to a pool with a pool
a person is going up a pool .
a person working on the pool .
someone is outdoors .
a person is outdoors and exercising
the person is in the pool .
a person is thinking of the pool .
a person is staring up some stairs in the pool .
a person is having their picture taken .
the person is outside .
a person is riding on top of water .
a person playing in the pool .
-----------------------------


a person powerwashing stairs leading down to a pool .
a dog chases a cat
contradiction

a person is taking pictures of the dog playing fetch .
the man sits on the bench watching the ground .
a man is skiing on a lake .
a man is watching a baseball game with a crowd .
the person is running a marathon .
a woman naps on the pool .
a man is waiting for his car .
a woman taking a break on the beach
the person is running away from the stars at the pool .
there is a dog watching a movie .
a person learning how to swim in the ocean .
a woman is dead
nobody is present
that man is wearing swim trunks and is riding the bus .
the person was asleep
a woman is taking a nap on the couch .
a naked man is in the middle of the pool
a man is riding a bike .
the person is running a marathon
a person is going for a swim .
a person is working on his car .
a woman is watering the sand
the person is laying on a couch
a man on a chair is eating a sandwich .
someone is napping by the ocean .
the person is walking around a park .
a person is going up the hill .
a young man is skiing down a mountain .
a person laying down at the park
the person is standing on the beach
the person is sitting in the shade
someone in the photo is playing with a ball in the water .
a man is watching tv at a restaurant .
a person is at his desk .
the person is sleeping .
the women play football
the person looks at the blackboard in the pool
a person is inside by a lake .
an empty pool
the person is sleeping on the ground .
a woman attempts to become in a gymnastics competition .
-----------------------------


a person rides his bicycle in the sand beside the ocean .
a person is falling off his bike .
contradiction

a man is laying on the beach in the park
a skateboarder is taking a nap .
the person is sleep on the beach .
the boy is walking up to a car in the sand .
the person rode a bike down the river .
the person is on the street
a single person goes in a car at the beach .
nobody is running
a bike rider is asleep in the sand
a person walks on the beach .
a person is driving his car in a garage
a woman is riding a horse down the street .
a man is walking on a beach
a woman swimming in the ocean
the person is swimming in the ocean .
a man is walking in an empty beach .
a man is walking his dog .
a person is walking in the rain .
a woman is at home
a woman in a red shirt is sitting by the ocean .
a person is walking a dog down the street .
the man is naked in the sand .
a man rides a car in the desert .
a clown juggles a child .
-----------------------------


a person rides his bicycle in the sand beside the ocean .
a person is on a boat .
contradiction

the man is in a spring race
the person is sitting eating steak .
a man riding his skateboard across the beach .
a woman is reading on the beach .
everyone is walking down the street .
a person is riding the bus to the store .
a woman sitting in the sand at the beach .
the person is sitting at a table eating lunch .
a dog is reading a book .
the person is driving a car on the street .
a guy rides a bicycle down a dirt road .
a woman is walking with a puppy .
there is a person riding a skateboard .
the woman is swimming in a lake .
a few people are skiing .
the person is on a river .
a person is eating lunch at home
a circus rests in the sand with the beach .
the person is at a mall
a man runs across the beach .
the person is sitting indoors
the person is sitting beside the beach .
the person is riding a bike at the park .
a person is riding his bike down a street .
a woman on his bike is eating lunch .
a person with no shirt riding a bike down the hill
a person is digging in the sand .
the man sits alone .
a man is riding a bike in the park .
a man is riding a skateboard through the park
a man is driving his car to the store .
someone is riding a skateboard along the beach
-----------------------------


a person rides his bicycle in the sand beside the ocean .
a person is on a beach .
entailment

a person is in the sand at the beach .
a person riding his bike .
a person in a bike on the beach .
someone is riding his bike .
a person is bike with his bike .
the person outside
a person is biking in the ocean .
a person rides his bike in the sand .
someone is on his bike .
a person rides a bike outside on the beach .
a person is biking
a person is cycling a bicycle in the sand .
the person is in the sand
a person rides his bike in the sand .
a person rides his bike on the beach .
a person is biking
a person riding his bike with the ocean .
a bike rider on a bike .
the waves has a person on the beach .
someone is riding a bicycle .
a bicycle rider riding a bicycle on the beach .
a person is riding his bicycle .
a cyclists rides on a beach .
a person is on their bike
there is a man outdoors
a person is holding his bike .
the person rides his bicycle in the sand .
someone rides a bicycle .
the person is outside .
-----------------------------


two black little boys hanging over an upside down bicycle , one examining the pedal .
children were looking at a bike .
entailment

the boy checks his face on a bike .
two boys are sitting on a bike .
two little boys are outdoors .
the boys are looking over something .
two kids are being held .
two boys are riding a bike .
three young boys are outside
two boys are outside .
two little boys are being photographed .
the two boys are working with a bike .
the boys is hanging .
two boys are with a bike .
the boys are hanging
the black and black boys are looking over something .
-----------------------------


two black little boys hanging over an upside down bicycle , one examining the pedal .
the children are outside .
neutral

there are boys in a park .
two little boys are wearing blue their red shirt .
the two boys are taking their first ride ride .
the small boys are riding the bike to the store .
two brothers are at a playground
two little boys have a skateboard competition .
two little boys are taking orders for their parents .
it 's sunny outside and the boys are looking at something .
they are about to play fetch with their parents .
two brothers are taking a break .
the boys have a flat tire
the older boy is trying to rebuild the skateboard .
two small boys are holding up a box for a party .
two boys are being pulled by a black bike down a mountain .
two boys are fooling
the kids have fun on his bike
the boys look bored about the day .
the two boys are related to the light .
the boys are being pushed over a skateboard off the red bicycle .
two boys are riding to a costume .
the two children are related
-----------------------------


two black little boys hanging over an upside down bicycle , one examining the pedal .
someone is riding a bike .
contradiction

two little boys are walking along a trail .
two little girls are running through the woods .
the boys are sleeping
two girls are sitting on a bench .
the boys sat down to tie the car .
two boys are chasing the dog through the park .
the boys are running on the floor .
the boys are using a skateboard .
boys are riding a moped .
the boys are following a plane .
the little girls were driving down the street .
two little girls are washing their bike on the street .
the two boys are working in the field .
two little boys climbing a ropes on a pole .
a black and black girl is not sitting down by the slide .
two boys are sitting down with a dog .
the two boys are walking to the park .
there is a group of people watching tv .
the black kids are working on the couch .
boys are washing their car .
the boys are sitting down for a concert .
there are two dogs in the river
boys are laying down on the ground .
an old lady is looking for food .
there are two white boys sitting down .
the boys look at a book .
the little brown girl has black hair .
some boys are boarding a boat .
two black boys are walking along the beach .
a small boy is rolling a tree bike in the middle of the ocean
the kids were looking at the stars .
the little girl is on a scooter .
-----------------------------


a group of people prepare hot air balloons for takeoff .
a group of people are outside .
entailment

a group of people riding balloons with fireworks in the air .
the people are in front of a hot air balloon .
a group of individuals is picking up hot air balloons
a group of people are prepared for riding balloons .
there are a bigger of people in the hot air balloons .
the people are carrying something .
some people work in the air on a hot air balloon .
some people have balloons in the air .
a group of people are going into fireworks .
the people have a hot air balloons .
many people are picking up hot air balloons .
the people are going into a balloon air .
more than one people is trying to catch a balloons
the balloon are something in a air .
a group of people are getting ready for a hot air balloons .
a group of people are surrounded by people .
some people are catching balloons .
more than one people is doing a hot air balloons .
there are some people carrying balloons .
someone here is trying to find in the air of balloons .
some balloons are going on .
some individuals are doing something to be in the air .
a group of people are carrying balloons
a group is about to enter a hot air balloon .
more than one person is in a hot air balloon balloons on the ground .
the hot air balloon is going over a group of people .
-----------------------------


a group of people prepare hot air balloons for takeoff .
a group of people prepare cars for racing .
contradiction

the people are eating indoors .
no one is on the way to the store .
women walk through the city
the people were alone in the field .
a group of people are running around the city during the day .
no one works is a balloon
no one is on the boat watching the hot air balloon .
there are a group of men swimming up the ocean .
2 people are watching a movie .
group of older people swimming in the river watching a balloon air .
a group of people are at work
the people are not facing out of the air
a group of people in shorts sliding down the river .
the people have a jet skis
the people are wearing swim trunks .
the group of people are riding horses .
confetti water milk in it on the ground
a group of people dancing and dancing
people take a shower in the kitchen .
the streets are empty .
a man is taking a bath at a beach .
a group of men are cooking dinner in the kitchen .
one dog is a girl .
the human is not in the air
a group of people are chasing after a car race .
the group are taking pictures of the ocean .
some people are alone in the room watching tv .
a group of people are having a dinner party .
some guys stand in a line and out of a forest .
the group of people are taking off their luggage .
-----------------------------


a group of people prepare hot air balloons for takeoff .
there are hot air balloons on the ground and air .
neutral

a family is feeding the balloons .
a group of boys are playing with their new balloons from the beach .
people perform off their for a hot air balloons on a birthday party .
a group of people are setting up balloons for a wedding .
a group of people are trying to win a treat .
some people in the hot air balloons are green .
the hot air balloon are on the side of the road .
people in the hot air balloons for christmas
a group of friends with hot air balloons for a hot air balloon .
the crowd is outdoors with a party .
several people are going through the city for the city .
the people are farmers .
two people are carrying balloons for a big muddy castle .
some people in air are finishing a balloons balloons in a hot air balloon .
a hot air balloons on the hot air balloons for a competition .
boy and woman preparing ice diving
some people are competing in a air hot air balloons for a big balloon .
a bunch of people are competing in a swim competition
a group of people crashing up balloons for the city pool in the city .
fireworks are about to start up a new city
some balloons are getting ready to go on a date .
-----------------------------


men stand on steps leading out of a body of water
men are standing on some steps near some water .
entailment

the men are outside .
men are on the steps .
the men are standing .
men in water
two men are in the water .
the men are standing .
the men are standing on steps .
there are men in this picture
the men are outside a body of water .
the people are looking at water .
men stand on steps
men are outside
the men have been standing by the water .
men are outside of water .
men standing on steps .
man standing on steps
there are both humans in the water .
the men are making a steps .
men are near a body of water .
the men outside
there are men outdoors near a body of water .
the men are looking at a body of water .
men on steps
men in a body of water .
the men are near the water .
the men stand next to the water .
a man standing on steps on steps .
there are men outdoors .
the men are standing .
men are looking over water .
-----------------------------


men stand on steps leading out of a body of water
men are sitting outside near a golf course .
contradiction

some women are waiting to go on a couch .
two girls are holding hands to a movie .
the men are stealing the bus .
there are men not wearing any gear .
the women came for nothing .
there are no people sitting at home .
several men sit in a park .
there are two women at the bar
the men are sitting up watching television .
no one else to have a lot of water .
the men are all chased .
there are no water in the water .
the men are running .
the men are sitting outside .
some women go to a nap .
several men in the water were watching tv .
the men sit down to eat lunch .
a man stands up in the sand at the beach .
there are no people on the steps .
a girl is sitting at the table .
men are running a marathon .
men are walking along the lake .
the men are standing in a cage on a street .
some woman is sitting down to eat lunch .
the men protest the building .
the men are walking to work .
a man fell off his car with his family at home .
ladies are standing
three women are sleeping
women standing by a lake to get into the ocean
some people are riding bikes through a field .
the men on steps are sitting down .
-----------------------------


men stand on steps leading out of a body of water
men are standing by a docked boat .
neutral

the men stand in line at a water park .
guys in the water are trying to find the people in the water .
men in the water are wearing hats .
the men stand with their hands and waiting for the bus to pass .
the men are gathered for their favorite lunch .
a man is making a new site of water .
the men are very fool .
tall humans sitting on steps .
the men stand on steps to work .
some men are talking to each other on the steps .
the men are wearing helmets
a man works a new steps on steps .
two men have a conversation about the day in the water .
police try to find a new boat .
two men are close to the ocean
some men in the water are on the steps of a construction site .
a man is standing waiting for a water to wash into the water .
the men drink water from the water .
the men are waiting for a bus at the water .
the men are getting ready to take a break
some guys in crossing the water on a sunny day .
some men are trying to pass on steps
some peoples are at the water at the lake .
the men stand on steps for a family photo .
the men are waiting on the road to get to the park .
tall humans sitting down
several men stand in the water on the steps to a lake .
the men are taking their lunch break .
some men are trying to get out .
men wearing a coat standing on steps for a wedding
both of men are wearing black .
-----------------------------


a group of young people with instruments are on stage .
people are performing as a band for a crowd .
neutral

the group is performing the concert hall .
some people are trying to get a speech .
the people are in a stadium performance .
the group is performing for an audience .
there are men and women in the studio for a crowd .
the theater is
the people are preparing a concert for their friends .
the people are doing a variety of a group .
a lot of people are singing and playing music .
the group of people are trying to play their instruments
the group is about to make a speech .
the music is popular to the young people .
three people are playing instruments at a concert .
a young adult and a band on stage at the park .
some kids are playing music together in the audience .
the group of young people are performing in the ceremony .
the choir are in a band .
group of performers holds a rock show with their instruments .
a group of children play instruments on stage in a park .
some people are getting ready to play a song on stage .
some people are practicing music .
two friends are enjoying many stuff
a single group play instruments at a concert
a group of people are boys .
a group of young people are performing a concert .
a group of kids playing with their instruments in the park .
a group of friends are getting ready to perform
the people are chinese music outside .
some people are doing a concert .
students are talking on a stage .
some skateboarders being played by adults for their parents to perform
-----------------------------


a group of young people with instruments are on stage .
young people are playing water polo .
contradiction

a group of children play a violin
there are no people in the group .
people riding the street
the group of young people are fighting .
the group is in their office room
an adult dressed up of the room .
dogs play a game of grass .
the men sit outside .
there is only one street the people .
the person is running away from the instruments .
a single person is holding an instrument
the group of people are eating lunch .
the group of young people are running away from the moon .
the group of young people are walking away from work .
some people are swimming in the lake .
no one is playing music to the crowd .
the group is playing guitars at the park .
the group of cyclists are taking a break .
the women all wore shirts and watching a movie .
there are no people singing .
the group of men are playing football .
the group of people are asleep
the people have trombone a broken solo .
-----------------------------


a group of young people with instruments are on stage .
people are playing music .
neutral

these young people are about to play their instruments .
the people are preparing a concert .
the band is playing music .
a group of young people performing a concert on the stage .
friends on the stage for their job
the men and women are performing for the audience .
the group of people are preparing to play their instruments
some people are preparing a concert
the group is part of a play 's song .
a group of young people are performing in the park .
the group of people do the school school music .
the young group is performing for the audience .
a group of young people performing an exam together .
the group of people were performing a concert .
the group is at the concert
a group of young people playing instruments on the stage for the first time .
some people are competing in a jam party .
they are waiting for the concert .
a group of young people are trying to get out of their instruments .
a group of people gather for an outdoor concert .
there are people performing for a concert .
this group of people are playing their instruments at a concert .
a group of college students play in the park .
a group of young people are trying to play instruments on stage
some people are singing a song for a crowd .
-----------------------------


a long-beaked bird in mid-flight .
a bird flying .
entailment

there is a cage .
a sailor is outside .
a animal flying in the air .
a animal with something on his head .
an animal is moving around
a bird is making a lot of animals .
the person is a bird .
a bird is down and down on the ground .
a bird is flying through the air .
the animal is on the ground .
a bird is being pulled by a air .
a bird is giving a animal on it .
the bird flies through the air .
an animal is together
there is an animal in the air .
a bird is on the rocks .
a bird is over over a person
a person with a bird is in mid mouth .
a bird is flying through a air .
a bird is in the air on a person 's face .
the animal is in air
a bird is doing something in the air .
there are animals in the picture .
-----------------------------


a long-beaked bird in mid-flight .
a rat running on a wheel .
contradiction

a man is building a snowman .
a bird is not in the air .
a sailor is surfing down the street .
santa is sleeping by the water .
a woman in a wedding dress .
a bird is fighting .
the person is sitting on a couch .
one man is flying a kite
a dog is fishing in the ocean
the clown is taking a break from work .
the goat is laying on the couch .
a bird was being chased by a bear .
a big white man is asleep in the dark .
this dog is standing by the bus .
the water is not in the air .
the bird is flying through a field .
two people are swimming in a lake .
a monkey is giving a speech
a man is sunning indoors on the beach .
a bird is reading a book at home .
-----------------------------


a long-beaked bird in mid-flight .
a bird chasing an insect .
neutral

this bird is on the way to the lake .
the bird is making a lot of animals at the local doctor .
the animal is on a team .
dog and his owner are outside a fish .
a tall person is trying to learn how to ride .
this animal is trying to find the animal .
a professional assistant is looking for his owner to come
a bird is trying to find the ball
a professional boxer is being held .
a animal is laying in a resort resort
the animal is all women .
a big animal is female .
a helicopter full of young people in the air for a magazine .
a helicopter is ready to perform
a professional for team is trying to find the birds
-----------------------------


a man in the middle east with a corn-on-the-cob cart selling corn .
an old middle eastern man is selling corn-on-the-cob from his brother 's cart .
neutral

the sad man is talking to his friend .
a man sells vegetables to his boss .
a worker is a construction worker that his job is a crime .
a tall person cooking .
a man is waiting for someone to come .
the farmer is selling fruit .
a man is near the fruit strawberries for his family .
the man is pushing a cart at the local festival .
a man is preparing a bottle for the first time .
a man pole a cart full of food for a family
a guy is selling $ for a party .
it 's sunny outside .
a young man is preparing to hold his party .
a man showing his cart to his boss .
the man is wearing a helmet
a sad man is with a cart and a cart .
a man is visiting the trees for his family .
a man are at the local festival .
a man is going to the store for his friend .
a shirtless man is trying to sell some food .
the man enjoys .
a man is fixing shrubs with his cart for the first time .
the man working in the middle of the city , buy corn .
the man wanted to get a hour of his friend .
-----------------------------


a man in the middle east with a corn-on-the-cob cart selling corn .
in the middle east , a man sells corn-on-the-cob from a cart .
entailment

a man making a food
a man is in between front of his cart .
a man is moving with a cart .
the man is cleaning .
a man is carrying some food from his cart .
a person is standing outside
a man in the middle holds a cart with some corn .
man rides a cart
someone took a lot of food from a cart .
the man is by the food .
a man is next to a cart
a man with a cart is being watched by a cart .
a man is behind a cart
-----------------------------


a man in the middle east with a corn-on-the-cob cart selling corn .
a middle east man is throwing corn at strangers .
contradiction

a child is eating the hot dogs .
the women is going fast .
a girl is standing up and smoking .
the man is awake
the man is selling ice cream .
a woman is vacuuming the gym .
a man wears his head jackets at the park .
a man is eating lunch
a woman and man are watching tv together .
the man is awake on the floor .
a woman sets her new baby 's two wheeled .
the man is sitting in a church
a man is riding his motorcycle to the park
the man is in his office working .
a girl and a man run through the park .
a man in the middle of the street are fishing .
a woman watching tv on the couch
a man has no a cart on the street .
a man is throwing a baseball at the park .
a child wearing his head is sleeping on the street .
no one is here
a man puts his cart in an office .
a man is standing and holding a cart on the street .
a woman swimming an old kite .
there is a man watching a basketball game with a man
a man is standing on his couch watching tv .
the man and woman are hiking in the mountains .
the man is naked in a cart
a man in a black shirt watching tv and he is driving .
a girl is working at the funeral .
-----------------------------


a man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
he is playing a song .
entailment

a man is playing the guitar
a man is playing a guitar .
a human is playing a guitar
a man is holding the guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a musician is holding a guitar .
the man is wearing a shirt .
the man is playing a guitar
a human has clothes playing music .
the man is playing a guitar game .
a man is with an instrument .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man is wearing a black shirt and plays a guitar .
a man playing an instrument
a man is in his instrument
it is playing .
a shirtless man plays guitar
a man is playing an instrument with a guitar .
a man is playing guitar .
a man is performing an instrument .
a musician is playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .
a male in a black shirt and black shirt is playing an instrument .
a man is playing an instrument .
the man wears a black shirt and plays guitar .
a man is playing the guitar
a man is playing the guitar .
a man is playing a guitar
a man is wearing a black shirt .
-----------------------------


a man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
the man is wearing a blue shirt .
contradiction

the man is drinking wine .
a man is singing television .
the man is playing a saxophone
the man is playing a tuba at the park .
a man is rock climbing
two men are sing .
the man is running away from the man .
a girl in a white shirt plays guitar .
the man is going swimming for lunch .
a woman playing the flute on a stage .
a woman plays her guitar on a playground .
the man is playing a piano .
a male wearing a red shirt and black shirt .
a man is playing a trombone at the concert .
a man is playing violin .
a man is playing an on his cello .
a girl playing the guitar
a woman playing the electric guitar
a musician is reading a book .
a man is sleeping on a couch
the man is sleeping on the couch .
woman sleeping at home
a man is dead .
the man is running on the street .
a man playing a flute at the park .
a woman watches people playing a guitar
a woman is using piano .
a man wearing a black shirt and black shirt is dancing .
the woman is on a swing .
a young woman is holding a guitar in a sewing .
a man is inside watching tv .
-----------------------------


a man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
the man is wearing black .
entailment

a man plays the guitar on the guitar
a man in a black shirt plays the guitar
someone is playing the guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
the man is playing a guitar .
a man in a black shirt holds a guitar .
the man plays guitar on a guitar .
a man is playing the guitar .
a man plays guitar
the man is playing music
the man is playing music .
a man in a black shirt is playing guitar .
he plays his guitar
a person is playing a guitar with a guitar .
a man playing a guitar .
the man in black is holding a guitar in a guitar .
a man is holding an instrument
a man in a black shirt has the guitar player .
a man is playing an instrument
a man has an instrument in his hand .
the man is at something
the person is wearing clothing .
a man is near the guitar .
a man in a black shirt playing the guitar
some man that playing guitar .
a man is holding a guitar
a man plays a guitar
a man playing guitar
someone is tackling .
a man is holding the guitar .
a human playing
-----------------------------


colorfully dressed people walk down the center of the road , with onlookers behind a barricade .
a group of people in a motorcade driving past an audience .
contradiction

people are running .
the audience of the man is running around the track .
a group of people watch tv
there are no people wearing the same color .
there are white cats running around .
the group of people are at a party
people are running through the forest .
a single person is standing up and crying in the road .
a crowd watches the concert hall .
no one is walking to the store .
three people are working hard .
the people are dancing in the grass .
the people are wearing green .
a large group of children wearing white are running across the street .
the people ran away from the street .
there are no adults at the beach .
some men are playing poker in the road .
they are at a bar having relaxing .
the people are indoors
the people have hiked at the beach .
the mime is at the movie .
some people stand in line to be in a parade on the street .
the people dressed in black are dancing .
some people in black are riding a bus .
women in the car .
the park is going home of the desert .
three people stand silently together in the road .
people driving through a mall
some men are riding bikes down the street .
several people rest riding a bus to the store .
no one is in the street .
a single person is performing in a parade .
there are no men and women .
-----------------------------


colorfully dressed people walk down the center of the road , with onlookers behind a barricade .
a group of people walking down a road .
entailment

people are walking .
people are walking down the road .
humans walks down the street
the people stand in a road .
people are walking outdoors .
people in the middle of the road .
some people are wearing looking .
people have come out .
people walk outside .
there are people looking at something in the road .
there are multiple people walk by .
the people are clothed together .
several people walk down the road .
a group of people are walking in the road .
some people are walking down the road .
people are walking in the road .
people are wearing dresses outside .
there are people pictured
there are people dressed in front of the road .
some people are walking in a road .
there are people in the city .
-----------------------------


colorfully dressed people walk down the center of the road , with onlookers behind a barricade .
a group of people walking past a group of civilian spectators .
neutral

sad people in the middle of the road .
the people are on a sunny day .
a group of men prepare to go down the road
some adults in new york city square .
the group of people enjoy a walk from the city to get to the store
a group of people are watching the day parade .
a group of people dressed in front to her friend 's house .
the men wearing hats are looking for a romantic performance .
there are people going to the store .
the street is new .
the nicely dressed people are walking to work .
some people are shopping in the road to get to work .
there are 3 people wearing white and white .
the people are cold
they are walking to the store .
the people are wearing a white skirt and the crowd cheered by the road .
five people wait in line to get to work .
the people are making an intense exercise .
two people wearing white are walking to the store to get out of the river
a group of people are getting married .
it is bright so the people are walking to the store .
the communist person is going to work
people are going home
someone is wearing a green skirt and a group of people .
the people are making a purchase
it 's a sunny day and people are walking to the store .
-----------------------------


a woman is talking on the phone while standing next to a dog .
a woman is sleeping .
contradiction

a dog is lying on the couch .
a woman and dog are playing a game of tennis .
everyone is looking for a cat .
the woman is not wearing a phone .
a man is driving the woman on the phone while a dog sits .
a woman is stealing the dog .
the man is at the local party .
the man is giving a speech on the phone
a woman is baking her dog for a walk .
a man is talking to his dog on the phone .
a man is a woman to a dog .
a man about to be in a pile of his dog .
there are no animals outside .
a kid with a dog on the phone is sitting on the phone .
a woman with her dog is sitting next to her dog .
a man rides a bike through a forest
a boy is asleep in the pool
a woman is sitting on the bench .
a woman is standing on the phone while a dog sits .
a woman is sitting next to a dog about to fall down .
the woman sits with the dogs on the phone .
the woman stands on the couch watching the dog .
a woman in a shopping marathon watches her dog runs by a dog .
a woman is on a playground
the woman is swimming .
a woman and dog are sitting outside .
the woman is sitting next to her cat .
a man and a dog are in a car .
the women threw a tennis ball .
a man is talking on the phone with his dog .
a woman relaxes on the couch
someone is putting in a race car .
a mother and dog are riding their bikes .
a mother and dog are watching a movie .
the woman is in a field .
-----------------------------


a woman is talking on the phone while standing next to a dog .
a woman is walking her dog .
neutral

a dog wants to be picked up for the first time .
the dog is waiting for the woman to get on the phone .
a woman in sunglasses just finished a dog to her friends .
the women is tall .
a woman is talking on the dog to the dog
a woman teaches the dog while a dog sits on the phone .
a tall human is talking to a dog
a woman laughs at the dog on the phone
a woman with her friends is talking to her friend .
a mother is going to a dog by a dog .
a woman is on the phone for the police .
a woman is giving the woman on the phone .
the woman is talking to a child on the phone .
the woman uses the phone to her friends .
a woman takes notes on the phone for her dog .
a woman talks to her dog on her phone .
two people are shopping to a store .
the woman is waiting for the bus .
the woman is worried .
the woman is calling her dog to the dog .
the woman is at the dog 's house .
a woman speaks to the dog walking her dog .
-----------------------------


a woman is talking on the phone while standing next to a dog .
a woman is on the phone .
entailment

a woman talks to her dog
the woman is on the phone .
the woman is talking .
a woman is using her phone
there is a woman waiting on the phone .
a woman is having the animal .
the woman sees her dog outside .
a lady is next to a dog .
the woman is talking .
a dog is on her phone .
a woman talking to a dog on the phone .
a women is talking on the phone
the woman is on a phone .
a lady , laughing and standing .
the person is talking on the phone .
a woman is talking on the phone .
an adult male is talking on the phone
the woman is talking to a dog .
a woman and her dog are on the phone
the woman is on the phone
a woman talks to her dog
there is a woman and dog outdoors .
the woman and the dog are talking .
a woman is talking on the phone .
a woman talking to a dog .
-----------------------------


three young boys one is holding a camera and another is holding a green toy all are wearing t-shirt and smiling .
the boys are all wearing yellow .
neutral

three young boys watching the game .
the boys are trying to get their picture taken for the camera .
the boys outside are related .
three young boys are holding a red camera and one are holding a green toy
two boys are taking a picture of a green toy .
a boy and his boys are playing .
three children are ready for the big camera .
three young boys are at a wedding .
one of the boys is holding the camera is a singer .
the three young boys are being paid to be served .
the three boys are trying to make a picture of a house .
a family holds a camera with his family
one child is a photographer playing with the camera .
three young boys are doing their love .
a few boys hold a photographer at the store .
this is a young boys boy and his friends .
the boys are taking pictures of the play in the backyard .
three brothers are holding a toy in a room .
-----------------------------


three young boys one is holding a camera and another is holding a green toy all are wearing t-shirt and smiling .
the boy is crouching down to take a picture .
neutral

the boys were shopping for their new camera .
the three boys were posing for the picture and the boy can be seen .
a photographer is about to take a picture with his friends .
three boys are taking pictures for the camera .
a few boys are holding a green toy in a halloween party .
the boy took a picture of his friend .
three boys are holding a pink camera and holding a toy .
three young boys are getting on a large toy and a green toy .
some kids are holding up a camera with a toy in a parade .
the three boys were just finished a race
some friends are getting ready to go on a toy .
the boys are posing for a picture
the five boys are performing an instrument at the bar .
three young people hold a toy and are friends
the children are posing for their picture taken .
-----------------------------


three young boys one is holding a camera and another is holding a green toy all are wearing t-shirt and smiling .
the young boy has a camera .
entailment

3 boys are taking a picture .
the boys are looking .
there are five boys .
three young boys has a toy .
three boys play with a toy .
three boys holding a camera with a toy .
three boys hold a toy camera
some boys are being watched .
three young kids are performing .
three children holding a toy .
a single person is holding a camera with a toy .
several boys are hugging .
a group of boys are standing and holding a toy .
there are boys peer .
three boys stand near a toy toy
three young boys are being photographed .
a group of boys standing together .
three young boys are being photographed .
the boys are wearing clothes .
there are children holding a toy .
there are kids in front of a green toy .
the boys wait to be a camera .
three children are holding a toy .
there are three boys
a bunch of kids are with a toy .
the boys outside are enjoying the toy .
one boy and a group are using a camera
there are three children wearing clothes .
three boys are pictured
several young boys holding a toy and a toy
a boy is holding a camera .
three young boys are holding .
-----------------------------


5 women sitting around a table doing some crafts .
five men stand on chairs .
contradiction

women eat dinner at a restaurant .
the women are singing .
four men are sitting around a table
they stand in the grass .
five women and her friends are dancing in a park .
a boy is putting out a new project for a fire .
six friends are cooking dinner
six women are walking their dogs
four girls sit watching tv
a female is riding a skateboard up the road .
people are destroying items on the table .
no one is outside the table .
the women are reading the newspaper .
four women are riding a date for the beach .
four women baking their cheese .
people are asleep on the floor .
the men in the picture are breaking and yelling at the table .
four people are standing in front of a picnic .
six men are having their dinner together .
the women runs through a table to make money .
the woman is repairing their hotdogs .
women are playing golf
some women are reading poetry .
six people are riding on a bus .
four woman are standing around a table .
there are women sleeping
a woman is at the movies with friends
they are relaxing inside the building .
a woman making a sandwich in a bar .
four ladies stand on a table with friends
the women are looking at rice .
five women are shopping for rice .
six women and one man are having a conversation in a garage .
a group of children are watching tv
the woman is standing at the table .
six men with beer towels are talking .
girls playing on the floor
-----------------------------


5 women sitting around a table doing some crafts .
five women sit at a table .
entailment

the woman sat next to some project
the females are sitting on a table talking .
women sitting around
a woman helps crafts at a table .
the women are next to .
four women are outside .
a bunch of ladies are talking
four girls in a room talking to each other .
four women are using food .
several people are on a table .
there are women outdoors .
several women are in a table
some women are looking at crafts
there are a lot of people
there are women in the picture .
four women are going into a table .
four women are hanging out .
four ladies sit around a table .
five people are sitting around
-----------------------------


5 women sitting around a table doing some crafts .
five friends sit at a table .
neutral

four friends are in a warm place .
four ladies are talking about the day .
four women are making music for a crowd .
the six women are friends .
the women were talking to their mom .
four friends are enjoying a meal on a table
four women just finished their local local local place .
the women are by an asian .
the women are on vacation together .
the women are on their way to work together .
the group of women are having a good time .
four women at a farmers market .
a group of women are trying to find their favorite friend .
four sisters look at items for a family .
some friends enjoying a sports game .
four friends in a dinner for a birthday .
the women have a friends of their crafts .
four women are having a conversation about their day .
four ladies are talking about some pottery .
a group of friends are having a picnic on a table .
four women are looking for a friends of crafts .
four ladies are enjoying a day at the beach resort .
the women are talking about .
five women are talking to each other for an audience .
-----------------------------


street performer with bowler hat and high boots performs outside .
the man is performing a magic act .
neutral

a performer performs his new song .
the performer is practicing for the audience .
the performer performs in front of a large crowd .
a singer gets ready to dig her ball
a man is performing for an audience
a person with long beard is playing a famous song for the first time .
the performer is sweating on the street .
a biker is practicing for the audience .
passerby are preparing for the city run .
someone watches the other new frisbee to the ball .
a biker performs on the street in the park .
an artist is juggling alley .
a man is a professional band .
a man is the woman 's soccer championship .
a singer is performing for a crowd at the park .
he is almost done for the game .
the performer wearing a blue hat is playing the country .
the drum person is a professional .
performer enjoys the show
a performer plays in the park for the first time .
a street performer with his sister are playing .
a performer is winning the tennis pool .
the performer is practicing for the audience .
a drummer and his friend play ball in the park .
the ball is a female set of clothing .
someone is the best show .
the performer is performing a show .
the biker is practicing for the audience .
-----------------------------


street performer with bowler hat and high boots performs outside .
the person is performing .
entailment

the man is in the street
a performer is playing on a street .
a performer is in the street
a human prepares to play
an instrument
someone is moving her hat
street performer is on the street
an individual are next to a man .
a person is holding onto a ball .
a human holding a hat
the person is performing
a person is with a bowler
street performer is being held up to be in the street .
a human is holding a ball .
a performer is juggling by people .
a street performer is playing his instrument .
a human prepares
someone is playing a into instrument .
a street performer is using a tool .
the performer is outside
a person plays with a perfect hat on the street .
a performer is holding onto a ball
the performer was performing .
-----------------------------


street performer with bowler hat and high boots performs outside .
the child is dancing inside .
contradiction

the performer did n't have a fedora on .
a skater sleeps
the women plays with a ball .
a man is eating lunch at a restaurant .
the performer is indoors
a bald singer wearing an blue hat is playing with a ball .
a man is playing a guitar game .
a jogger plays tennis .
performer is sitting at his desk .
a street performer with no shirt is going to the store at the mall .
a guy is watching television .
the performer is in the church
a drummer is performing at the beach .
he plays a dress on the beach .
the performer is singing a song .
a man is driving his car across the street .
a man is playing with a dog in the park .
a boy is drinking a beer at a bar .
a person is the violin show show .
the person is at the beach
a drummer is playing drums by the fire .
the man is playing in the grass
a man is petting his cat at the park .
a performer on his couch eating and he was sleeping .
the performer is sitting on a basketball court
someone is washing her clothes .
-----------------------------


a young boy playing in the grass .
the boy is playing make believe .
neutral

a young boy is playing with a toy in the park .
a boy is playing by the field with his friends .
a kid reading his time at the grass .
a young boy is crying on the grass .
the boy is playing a game of fetch .
a young boy is playing with a toy .
a young child is attempting to get his first time .
the boy is enjoying a hot dog .
a young boy is about to fall .
a young boy on a park bench in the grass .
the boy is a friend .
a boy plays on the grass with his family .
a young boy preparing for a golf
a young boy is playing with a ball .
a boy is playing in the grass with a ball .
a young boy is happily looking at a grass .
a boy is at the park .
the boy is at a pretty park .
the young boy is playing on the grass with her friends .
the young boy is a professional climber .
a boy is preparing to go for a swim .
a little boy sitting in the grass with his family playing in the grass
the child is playing with a ball
the child was a good time for the first time .
a young boy is playing with a friend .
a young boy with his friends playing in the grass .
the boy and his friends are siblings .
a boy is playing with his family at a field .
-----------------------------


a young boy playing in the grass .
there is a child in the grass .
entailment

a young boy is playing in the grass
there is a boy in the grass .
someone is outside playing .
there is a young boy playing in the grass .
a boy plays on the grass
the boy is in the grass .
a boy is playing at the grass .
a young boy is playing outside
a boy is playing on the grass .
a young boy is playing .
a young boy is outdoors playing .
the boy is playing in the grass .
a kid is outside
a boy in a grass playing in the grass .
the boy is near the grass .
the young boy plays with the grass .
the boy is playing on the grass .
a little boy is playing .
a young boy is playing with his grass
a boy is standing on the grass .
a boy is outside
a kid is playing by field .
the boy is having a playing in the grass .
the little boy is outside .
a boy is playing outside .
two children playing in the grass .
the boy is playing in the grass .
a boy plays in his grass .
the boy is enjoying the outdoors .
-----------------------------


a young boy playing in the grass .
the boy is in the sand .
contradiction

an adult is reading a book .
the woman is in the kitchen .
a boy is eating the sun and the birds are breaking .
a young boy is playing in the sand .
a boy is swimming .
the young girl is in the field .
the boy is sleep
this woman is playing a game of golf .
a young girl playing with her toys .
the boy is sitting on the couch .
a young boy is eating ice cream
a young boy is napping in the grass .
the girl is in the pool .
a little girl is playing
the boy is swimming .
a boy is playing with a toys outside the house .
the boy is eating his lunch .
a young girl is sitting under a tree and eating a sandwich .
the boy plays in the sand .
a little girl is playing in the grass .
a young child sitting on a park bench with his friends .
a young girl is sitting in the grass .
a young girl is sitting in the grass with a ball .
a little girl is playing with a ball .
a boy is on the beach .
a young man is sitting on a couch .
a girl is laying down on the grass looking for his girlfriend .
a young girl playing on the grass .
the child is watching tv .
someone is riding a skateboard .
a boy plays in an empty fountain .
the boy is lying down .
a boy is indoors .
the boy plays indoors .
the boy is eating a child .
a young girl is playing in the sand
a young boy is sitting and playing with his friends .
the young boy is naked
-----------------------------


two men playing baseball with the one in the black and red jersey running toward base .
the man in black and red is about to score the winning run .
neutral

the men are practicing their baseball .
two friends are at a baseball game .
a man playing baseball with friends .
two men are chasing a ball .
two men are practicing for a game
two men are competing in a game
two men are running for first place in a baseball game .
two guys play in a game in front of a crowd .
the men are practicing for the championship .
the men are about to fall .
the two men are about to play .
two men are competing in a game at the park .
two men on a baseball field fight .
a baseball player is getting ready to hit a ball .
two bald men are playing a game
the two men are going to win .
the man is running with a ball in a field during a game .
the men are best friends .
the men are practicing for a competition .
two bald men are playing in a tournament .
two friends are running down the road .
two men with one another are running to the top game .
-----------------------------


two men playing baseball with the one in the black and red jersey running toward base .
there is a baseball game going on .
entailment

the men are near their .
some guys play a sport
2 men are playing a game .
there are men in this picture
two men are doing a sport
two men with one another are running together and the game .
two male baseball players are outside together .
the men are playing .
two people go together .
the men are playing baseball .
two people play a game .
there are two people playing sports .
two people are running .
two men are outdoors .
the two men are playing a game .
the men are playing sports
two people running across the field .
two people are outdoors with the ball .
two men were running down a swing .
the men play
two guys are running .
two people are outdoors .
two men are outside on the swing .
a man in black carries the ball
two people are running .
two people are outside playing .
-----------------------------


two men playing baseball with the one in the black and red jersey running toward base .
the man in black and red is sitting in the bleachers .
contradiction

the men are sitting on the swing swing .
the men in red are playing basketball .
the men sit on the couch .
two women are sleeping
the women are making a pizza .
they are sitting across a street .
a man and woman are taking a break in the park .
the men are driving the car are wearing black .
two men are playing tennis .
2 men are skating .
two tennis players are running .
the men are wearing all red
two men are mopping the tree .
two men are riding a train .
two guys take swam at the park .
two men are playing with a ball at the beach .
the man was taking a nap
a dog plays baseball in the park .
three woman are sitting down on the bench watching a game .
the men are sunbathing for the first time .
two men are crying .
the men are dancing
male playing softball outside
a man is playing a violin in the park .
a group of men are playing tennis
two young men playing soccer on the swing .
the men are surfing in the ocean .
two men are taking a test .
the two men are standing next to the baseball game at the park .
people are watching a baseball game .
two young men are riding an old motorcycles
the two men are having a picnic .
the men are riding a bike
two men playing tennis with their friends
the two men are sitting watching tv .
-----------------------------


a man and a woman are looking at produce on display .
a man and women are staring at heads of lettuce .
neutral

the man and woman were showing their children how to buy for the display .
a father and wife are preparing produce for a concert .
the man is looking at his new home .
the man is an aspiring
a married couple looks at produce
the man and woman are watching an important movie .
the man and woman are waiting for someone .
people have fun for the first time .
a man and his wife are watching a piece of fruit .
a man watches the day with his mom 's day .
a man and woman watch at produce at their product for a party .
the couple are building a snowman display .
the man and woman are looking for their new project to see the people .
two people look in the farmers
the man is watching a couple of a child .
a man is part of a party for his family .
the man and woman are a woman
a couple enjoy an apple on a display of their .
the man and women are looking for coins .
the man and woman are close to their mom 's birthday party at a party
the couple is celebrating something .
a couple are looking at equipment at the party
a couple is buying fruit .
the man and woman are buying produce from a fruit picker .
-----------------------------


a man and a woman are looking at produce on display .
two men throw produce at each other for fun .
contradiction

the man jumps into the water .
two people look at the barrel .
the couple is going swimming .
a man and woman are reading a book .
a man and woman are watching tv
a man and woman are riding a bike through the park .
a man and a woman are watching a man dance for a competition .
a man in a zombie costume trying to get a snack .
the man and woman stand underneath the produce on the wall .
three people are putting fruit on the ground during a fire .
two people run for the crowd .
a woman and a man are eating an instrument
a couple are at the beach .
the couple is sleeping in their bed .
the man and woman are picking apples in a field
the man and woman are watching a movie in the theater .
couple out at home
the couple is inside a car .
the man and woman are watching a movie at home .
a couple is watching tv
the man and woman are watching a movie .
a woman and a dog are playing a game .
a couple are inside eating dinner .
the man and woman are in a ballet suit .
the woman and the man is taking a nap on the sunny day .
a man and woman sit at a concert in a store
the man and woman are using a gas gas to make a man .
a man and woman are sleeping
man watching movie
a mom is running her new car .
the man and woman are sitting in the sunlight .
a man chases a woman up and down the street .
-----------------------------


a man and a woman are looking at produce on display .
a man and woman are looking at produce .
entailment

there are at least one person .
people are building a produce .
a man with a woman look at produce of produce
these two people have something to eat .
a man and woman are near a produce of produce .
adults and a man are .
a man and woman is outside with produce .
a man and woman are looking at some produce .
a couple looks at some produce .
people looking at produce .
two people look at produce
two people look at something .
they looking through the produce
two people are watching the man .
the man and woman are looking at something .
the man looks at produce in the produce on the display .
a couple of ladies are looking at some food .
a man is at an produce produce stand at a piece of a produce .
there is a couple people in a produce of produce .
a couple of people looking at something on a piece of fruit .
the man is looking at produce
a man and woman stand in front of a produce .
-----------------------------


people are throwing tomatoes at each other .
the people are sitting and eating their food .
contradiction

only the kids is doing tricks on the beach .
nobody is taking money
people washing dishes
some individuals are trying to make a gun in the park .
women eating cereal
a pair of people are asleep
no one is having an food truck in the park .
the people at the dinner table .
people eat a sandwich
people are playing football .
a woman is holding shower
these people bake up a window .
people are sleeping .
nobody is helping one another
the girls are throwing them .
people are drawing a dog
people are slicing oranges .
everybody is eating .
the people have not not see the faces .
the man is standing with his friends .
people are hiding from their golf .
people are washing dishes .
one girl sits at the sidewalk for a party .
some people are eating lunch in cafeteria .
the people are eating .
the people are empty handed .
one of the people is hiding from the ground .
the people are asleep in their bed
the people are in the pool .
a group is having a picnic on the street .
no people are eating dinner .
some people are sitting in a field .
people are painting a picture
a group of men are running a race
people are fighting .
a single person is performing with a black shirt and eating lunch .
some people are drinking beer and watching the game .
the people are in a bathroom
people are swimming in a pool
there are people holding hands playing poker .
the people have not not smoke in their hands .
-----------------------------


people are throwing tomatoes at each other .
the men are covered in tomatoes .
neutral

the group is going to get a lot of food .
people in a public marathon for the day .
people a women are going to work
the people are ten
some people is trying to put out of their new vegetables in a restaurant .
the people are planting for money in a parade .
the people are building a house .
friends are watching a major .
everyone won the vegetable .
people are trying to make money from the empty room .
some people are celebrating their collection on a large object
the men are throwing their apples and a woman .
people are going after the game .
people practice fencing
some individuals are trying to earn lunch
people are trying to make their snacks .
some people are on a date .
some individuals are holding an owners for the game
people are preparing for an party .
two people are making lunch together .
the group is throwing fruit at the street fair
a group of people getting ready for the day of the day .
people are trying to play catch with their friends .
there are men and women in the middle of the street .
some people are playing catch with a dinner they are cooking .
-----------------------------


people are throwing tomatoes at each other .
the people are having a food fight .
entailment

the people have faces .
two people are throwing fruit
the group is throwing fruit
people are playing .
a bunch of people are playing .
some people in this picture are working .
some people are doing refreshments .
humans preparing playing outside .
the people are cooking .
people are gathering for something .
people are throwing .
people and a group of people are cooking .
-----------------------------


people standing in line of a beer and curry line .
people standing in line
entailment

the people stand in line .
the table was a line .
people are looking at something .
people are in line .
there is an art line .
the people were gathered in line in the beer line .
people are gathering .
there are people gathered together .
people are together .
some people watching a beer stand .
some people are smoking a beer .
some people are standing inside an art .
people stand in line
there are people gathering .
there are people standing by a cigarette .
people are drinking beer .
people have their beer together .
people are outside .
people are gathered .
people are smoking a beer
people in line on a beer line .
people stand around in line
a couple of people hold beers
people are waiting for food .
there are people outside .
-----------------------------


people standing in line of a beer and curry line .
people happily standing in line
neutral

some of the people were waiting for the beer .
one of the people is a man who is selling it 's favorite .
the men were getting ready to eat .
a group of friends are about to eat their dinner .
the beer is a sale that is a sale .
people gathering for a beer party .
people are in a bar .
tourists waiting to get in a bar after a long day .
a group is having a beer at the bar .
the people have just won a day of work
a family is standing and talking to a beer .
several people were ready for the bar after a long day .
it 's a sunny day and people are having a beer .
some huge friends stand in line
the people are waiting for the beer .
these men are enjoying a cigarette .
people in line meeting
many people hold signs on the street
a group of friends are getting ready to eat a beer .
this is a diners of people about to start .
the people have been waiting for a beer .
people are looking at a beer with beer and they are smiling .
people are in line for a play .
a group of friends are holding a beer in a beer line .
the people line the beer is very hot .
the man is bringing a beer in the bar .
people are at the park .
some people in line on their lunch break .
they are waiting for something to be in line .
a man and woman stand in line for a beer and beer for their friend
people celebrating a cigarette cigarette .
a bunch of people look at the beverages in a bar .
the people are all enjoying a friend .
-----------------------------


people standing in line of a beer and curry line .
people not standing in line
contradiction

all the women are wearing suits
people in a casino drinking coffee .
some people are shopping in the store
the people are currently in the church watching man .
a guy is surrounded by green cement
no one is enjoying the beer at the bar .
people at home drinking coffee .
one person is standing by a cigarette filled with people waiting for the bus .
people are shopping .
two girls are holding hands in a field .
people watching tv
some people are inside watching tv
people are not picking up .
the people are tearing down the beer .
the people are riding bikes
the people are standing by a street river .
a group of men are sitting in a coffee shop .
the people are riding their bikes .
several people are playing with their friends in a car .
only one person is holding a dog
the people standing on the grass
people are eating cereal .
the person with the beer is sitting in the liquor .
the people are alone in a room .
-----------------------------


a man and a woman are talking in a park
a man and woman are talking in the aquarium .
contradiction

two people are walking home .
the group of people are swimming in a river .
some people are sitting outside watching television .
a group of children are talking while drinking coffee .
the man is flying a kite at the park .
a couple is taking off the ocean .
the man and woman are sleeping .
the man and woman are alone and is talking to each other .
a man and woman are watching television .
the man and woman are sleeping outside .
the man is at the movies
everyone and man are standing in the park .
the man and woman are sitting in a park
a couple is inside .
a man is alone and has a shirt
the woman and man are eating lunch together .
a man rides his bike
a man and a woman are asleep after the game .
a man and woman are dancing in a park
there are people sitting outdoors
a man and woman are at a cafe
the man and the woman are riding their bikes to the park .
the man and woman are playing a game of tennis .
the husband and wife were riding the bus .
there are people standing still .
a couple are inside drinking .
a man and a woman are at a grocery store .
a man and a woman are riding a bus to a store .
two people are blind .
people drinking at a bar .
a woman and man are riding bikes .
-----------------------------


a man and a woman are talking in a park
the couple discuss their financial future in the park .
neutral

the people are talking about the news .
the man in the park is full of flowers .
a young man and woman are doing something to be done .
an elderly man and a woman are making a lot of food .
a group of friends making up and about to make a presentation .
two people are going to work .
two people have been together for lunch .
the two people have been done for the man .
a man and woman are talking and drinking beer
the man and woman are talking to a woman
the man is talking to her mother
the man is giving a woman a lot of food .
two people talking in park going to a party .
the man and woman are all wearing a wheelchair .
a man and woman are modeling a family in a park for a magazine .
a couple chat and drinking beer
a man is talking to his wife on a park bench
they are married .
a man and woman have a conversation about the day and demands the presentation .
-----------------------------


a man and a woman are talking in a park
a pair of people are talking outdoors .
entailment

a man and a woman are making a lot of present .
a man and woman talking with a woman
a man and woman look at an animal .
the man and woman are next to a park .
a man and woman and woman in a park .
a man and a woman are being held .
a man and woman are conversing with a woman .
a person and a woman are talking with each other .
a man helps a woman with a man .
people outdoors
a man and a woman are outside in the park
two people are enjoying nature .
a man and woman are talking .
two people are next to a park .
two people have a conversation in the park
a couple is talking at the park
two people are hanging out .
there are people outside .
people outside in the park .
a man and woman are outside in the park .
the man is surprised .
a man and a woman are chatting
someone and woman are talking .
the couple is sitting outdoors .
there are people on the park .
a couple is having a lot .
a person and woman in the park
these two humans are laughing
several people are happy .
-----------------------------


a small ice cream stand with two people standing near it .
two people selling ice cream from a car .
contradiction

a small skier is serving food from the mall .
a large group of people are drinking water from a bowl .
a large supermarket is standing at the park .
one man is alone and standing in the field .
the three people are driving a car .
one man is docking his car .
the person is asleep
the large room is empty .
no one is on top of the ice cream machine .
two people are riding their bikes through the woods .
some people is playing golf
the two people are not wearing anything on their head .
the man is sleeping on the couch .
two people are playing golf .
two people with food is sitting in a ice skating course .
nobody is holding a ice .
there is no ice cream ice cream cones .
the two people are dry .
the small icy ice cream is empty .
the large room is empty of ice cream .
an adult is waiting in line to drink .
a large group of students watch a movie together .
two people are running down the snow slope .
a little girl plays with her family
the group is on a boat .
the small group of people have no food .
the large group of people are running through the field .
-----------------------------


a small ice cream stand with two people standing near it .
two people standing outside an ice cream stand .
entailment

the group of people .
the people looked together
some people stand near some ice cream in the background .
there is a large ice cream machine .
there are two people in the cold .
the group is on two people
a small people are with their other people .
there is an ice cream dish with two people .
the large wine is being held by a group of people .
a couple of people are holding their food .
there are two ice
a large sea with two people .
the group is standing outside .
there is an ice cream shop with two people .
people are gathered .
two people are looking at something .
a small couple are standing
an animal is holding something .
the people are looking in something .
2 people are standing near ice .
there is a brightly ice cream beverages .
two people are on the ice .
there are two people .
a couple of people with food and a crowd .
-----------------------------


a small ice cream stand with two people standing near it .
two people in line to buy icecream .
neutral

a small small heat of winter and people are at the park .
the man and woman stand together
they will be the president .
the people are looking for a food stand to a restaurant .
a large men and two people are having a conversation .
some people are preparing to catch a ice cream food .
the small group of people is waiting to get to the ice .
she is taking the people 's first time .
fans have food for their family 's .
two people are working for a meeting
the large room is a recent ice cream cone .
the kids are selling ice cream
the man is in the morning before the hot day .
the baby is big
a small cones of ice cream 's and two people are getting drunk .
the group is having a conversation on the ice .
the people are not hungry
the group of kids are about to cook
a small small warm ice cream cone is a family 's day .
several people are spending time with their friends .
-----------------------------


number 916 is hoping that he is going to win the race .
a person is is playing baseball .
contradiction

everyone is waiting for a cab .
the fans are laying on the ground .
the runners are running in the grass .
the young person is sitting on the ground .
the person is sleeping at home .
the person is taking a nap .
the cow is in the middle of the field .
the runners are sitting in the track .
everybody is going on a track .
the man is sleeping at a restaurant .
the people are sleeping .
no one is getting a track for a track .
three men are putting on a swim across the street .
a team is taking a nap together .
cyclists are fighting over a race .
some women are playing soccer .
racers riding bikes .
a group of dogs watching the race in the track .
the riders are hiking up the river .
some musicians are looking for a shower .
the team is going on in the ocean .
no one is playing the race
the women sit in the living room .
some people are watching a baseball game in a field .
this runners is on their way home from the marathon .
the cow are laying in the field .
the drivers are sitting quietly .
the group of friends run around the track .
a woman is taking a break from his wife in a church .
the parking lot are on the ground .
-----------------------------


number 916 is hoping that he is going to win the race .
a person is betting that he will win the race .
neutral

some people are riding a race through the track
the jockey is a man .
the man is an oak runner .
the group of men are competing for a competition .
sad skaters being finished a winner .
the men are members
the runners are on their first date .
it is the autumn the race .
the race is old .
an american pride place to a bull .
-----------------------------


number 916 is hoping that he is going to win the race .
a person is competing in a race .
entailment

there is a champion match about a race .
there are multiple people present .
there is one person around the track .
a person is going to win the race .
the team is about to win .
there are people here .
the people are finishing a race .
some people are trying to become in an event .
someone is on a race team
the man is straining something .
several people in the race .
a bunch of people jump over .
the runners are running .
a marathon is being played by a race .
some people are competing in a race .
the team being ready .
a male is in a race .
-----------------------------


girl plays with colorful letters on the floor .
the girl is playing a video game in the bath .
contradiction

a girls is melting cream cream .
the girl is taking a shower in a bedroom .
she was at home
the boy swims after a long day .
a man is playing the piano .
she is watching tv
a boy is hitting his child
an old man is playing with her friends
a boy is playing with the toys .
girl digging for cars in a movie theater .
the boy is sleep .
the girl is sleeping on the floor .
a girls is on the floor eating .
the girl is holding an empty tub with a bow .
the girl is drinking from the water .
a women is eating pizza for her family .
a girl is having a pillow .
a boy plays with her friends
the woman eats a monkey .
the girl is playing baseball .
the girls eats pizza for the first time .
the girl plays the drums
the girls is inside the house with the fabric .
a girls is reading books .
the girl is baking a cake .
the boy is swimming
a girl is throwing orange gum .
the woman and boy are indoors .
a man is playing a guitar .
an girl is playing by the fire .
the girls is frowning .
-----------------------------


girl plays with colorful letters on the floor .
the girl is spelling out her favorite words with colored letters .
neutral

the girl is practicing in an african american .
a girl with blond hair plays with her family at a party .
a girl is reading the god to her friend .
the woman is practicing in the living room .
a girl is playing the time for her family .
a woman is holding black clothing and playing poker .
the girl is very cold
an artist in halloween outfits play with her family .
a girl is playing with a pencil on the floor .
a girl is holding a miniature with pink yo-yo .
the girl is playing house
a girl is making flowers for her boyfriend
girl is watching as the girl play in a competition .
a girl plays with his friends .
a girl is playing with her friends sitting on the floor .
the girl wore a bow and playing an instrument for the crowd .
girl plays a song with white books .
the girl likes colorful colors at the scene .
a girl is making a small child .
a girl playing with pink yo-yo .
the girl puts the scary on the board .
a girl is playing tug with a bunch of arts with a girl .
a girl with black hair plays with her friends .
a girl plays with her house .
the girl is wearing a shirt
-----------------------------


girl plays with colorful letters on the floor .
the girl is having fun learning her letters .
entailment

a young girl is playing with herself
the girl sitting on the floor .
the girls in the picture is playing .
girl is outdoors
someone is holding an instrument
the girl is holding a piece of her hand .
a girl is making music .
a girl playing on the floor .
the girl is on the floor .
a girl is playing with an instrument .
girl has a treat on the floor .
a girl is holding a piece of reading
the girl practing on the floor .
there are two girls .
child is playing with toys .
the girl is playing indoors .
a female performing some tricks in the air .
a girl is playing with her .
there are people playing .
-----------------------------


two men are cooking food together on the corner of the street .
the men are making something to eat .
entailment

the two men are working on a street .
two guys are cutting food for a food .
two guys are cleaning up .
the men is grilling food .
the men were cooking .
2 men are outside with food in the street .
two men with food in a street .
three people cook food on the street
two men have food in the street .
two men with food .
the men looking at the meal
two men are working together while eating .
two males and a man are making food .
three individuals are cleaning up the street .
two men are on the street .
two guys working on a street .
the men has a food in the street .
two men are outside .
two guys are picking food in the street .
the men are making food .
two men are taking food
two men are working with food .
two people are creating .
two men are serving food .
two men with food on the corner of the street .
two people are taking food .
two men are working in the street .
these two men are making food .
two men on the street looking at food .
-----------------------------


two men are cooking food together on the corner of the street .
the two men are cooking food for the block party .
neutral

the men are cook for fresh for the first time .
men are making food for a family .
three guys are making food for their friend .
the men cook at the food shop together .
two men prepared food to buy at the off of street .
two small men are drinking for the first time .
the men are ready for work .
these men are discussing in the street to retrieve out the street .
two men are grilling meat for dinner .
two people are related their friends .
two men are having dinner for a family .
two guys are out at their home home .
two guys are grilling food for a crowd .
the men are grilling a meal for their family .
2 men are slicing meat for their new year .
two people are working at a party outside .
kids preparing food for a barbecue party .
two friends are enjoying an order of wedding .
some men are watching a meal for their family .
the men are wearing food clothes .
two guys are celebrating .
two work company is preparing a meal for their family .
two men are taking a break from eating lunch .
-----------------------------


two men are cooking food together on the corner of the street .
the two men are running in a race .
contradiction

two woman are preparing dinner .
the boys look at the chicken .
two men in a park eating a meal .
two men are sleeping
the men are drinking tea .
two men are watching tv .
some men are drawing a portrait .
two girls are watching tv .
the men have lunch at a restaurant .
the women were cooking on the corner .
two guys are grilling food in a kitchen .
a couple of guys are washing their new food in the kitchen .
the women were taking a break from the lunch break
two men on a bench eating food .
two guys eat a bone .
the men paint a concrete outside .
the men are working in the park .
the men are drinking beer
two men are fishing
a couple of men are throwing food off the street .
two men are running down the street .
two men are swimming .
two people are riding a roller coaster .
two men are playing
the women walk away from their friends
two women are watching tv
the men are eating food
the men is talking on a phone .
two men are fighting over a meal .
three women are watching a movie .
two dogs are baking a cake .
two men finishing a shopping marathon
two men are working in a doctors office building .
two men are robbing food from the corner .
two people are climbing the street .
the women are working on the corner .
chef are painting a hotel room
2 men in an empty city street
two women are taking food .
chef scouts are dancing .
a single person is in a room with a white picnic .
-----------------------------


a man wandering in the desert as the clouds roll in .
a man fights dead mummy 's who magically came alive in the desert .
contradiction

the man is eating a meal .
the man is sleeping in the mud .
the man is in a field .
a man shows off his sleeping .
the man is inside of a mall on the couch .
a man is watching tv in the living room .
a man is eating lunch in the mall .
man chases up to his wife
the man is running in an empty field .
a man is sleeping in the living room .
the man is walking on the track
a woman is watering the garden
the man is sitting in the desert with a beer .
the person is drinking from the water of a fire .
a young man is inside the house .
a girl swimming in the pool .
a man with a dog is going through the forest
a man is sleeping at home .
the woman is the only person .
man buys fruit from the ocean
a young girl is sitting on the couch .
a man has a cat at the beach .
a man throws the dead child
a man is riding a bike through the woods .
a man is sitting in the ocean getting ready to go on the beach .
a girl is playing video games
a man is standing by a fireplace .
the man is fast asleep on the couch
a man is standing on the ground and sleeping
the man is inside indoors .
the man is sitting down .
a woman was left on the couch
the man is swimming at the lake .
a man walks down a hallway in the mountains with the sky .
a man is sitting at the park .
a man is cooking food .
the man is sleeping
he is sleep .
a woman lays on the river to her friend 's house .
a woman is pushing a dog on a playground .
a child is reading on the beach .
-----------------------------


a man wandering in the desert as the clouds roll in .
a man wonders in the desert .
entailment

a man is on the ground
a male is walking in the desert with the rain .
there is a person in the desert
a man walks in the desert
a man walking through the desert
a man is looking at something on the ground .
a man is carrying an exercise exercise .
the man is near a body of water .
the man is in the desert .
the guy is outdoors .
a man who is shown is ready for his time outside .
a man is outside on the mountains .
a man is moving quickly .
the man is near the ground .
man reaches for something
there is a man laying outdoors .
the man is near the ocean .
a man is walking outside in the desert looking at the ground .
the man is walking
the man is by the cold day .
-----------------------------


a man wandering in the desert as the clouds roll in .
a man and a camel wonder in the desert .
neutral

a man is thinking about his friend .
a man is walking down a dark hallway with his family .
a young man is going in the day with a bow in the desert .
a man is reaching for a snow jump
the man is a boy .
a man is an athlete
the man is a camping bell .
a man is outdoors for his family .
a man is going to the park .
a man is outside to take a picture of his friends .
a man is trying to find his son 's new skis .
a sad man in the desert with his wife in the desert
a young man is out for a walk in the rain .
a man is walking through the desert to get to the store .
a man in the desert is going to the store
a man tries to find his plane in the desert in the desert .
a man is walking to his arms in the desert in the desert
-----------------------------


a lady with bright orange hair walking in a crowd .
the woman is asleep .
contradiction

the woman is sleeping .
the lady is reading .
the woman is running together .
the women is sitting by the ocean .
a lady and child in the field .
a couple is eating lunch in the kitchen .
the lady is wearing a pink uniform .
a young lady is taking a nap .
the lady sits in the sand and is smiling .
a lady is sitting in the chair .
a man is walking to a store with his wife .
a man is taking a nap in a bed .
a woman is walking on a bus .
the woman is lying down
the lady is eating lunch .
a man is showing his wife a large crowd .
a lady is taking a nap .
a woman in black shorts moves her way home .
a woman is dancing on stage in a car .
there are several people sitting outdoors watching television .
the lady is sitting in the crowd watching the ground .
a lady is wearing red clothing in a car .
a woman is standing on the couch .
a lady in black dresses is sitting still .
a lady is playing drums .
a man is sitting on a chair .
a man is walking at the beach
the woman is wearing a blue dress .
the woman sits on the bench watching the lady .
the woman is reading a book
the lady is in a dark white shirt .
a female is sitting in the crowd watching .
the little boy is running
a woman is running after a man at the park .
the lady is wearing a green .
a woman in black shorts is sitting and watching a movie .
the lady is sleeping
a clown is fighting with a guitar .
they are running a marathon .
a dog is sitting in the crowd watching the game .
-----------------------------


a lady with bright orange hair walking in a crowd .
a woman is near a group of people .
entailment

a woman is walking .
there is a lady carrying a crowd
a female is walking outdoors .
a lady with dark hair is walking to the crowd .
the lady is walking
the woman is walking
a lady walks .
a woman is walking in a crowd of people
the lady is walking .
there is a crowd of people .
a female is outside with a crowd .
a woman is wearing bright clothing .
the woman is walking towards the crowd .
a woman is walking
the lady is by a group of people .
there is a lady walking past a crowd .
a woman with a orange beard is walking .
a woman walks in a crowd
a lady is in a crowd
a dressed person is walking past a crowd .
a woman is walking past the crowd of people standing in a crowd .
a lady is walking .
-----------------------------


a lady with bright orange hair walking in a crowd .
the street performer is entertaining the tourists .
contradiction

there is no blue beard .
a lady in blue shopping in a group of friends .
a woman is running after the baseball game .
the person is asleep .
the lady is in the grass .
a guy is climbing an airplane .
a man is driving through the crowd to the crowd .
a female is scared of a dog 's house .
a lady is sitting in a room , eating a cake .
a man with a red shirt is eating lunch .
the person is wearing a red cap and swimming .
there is no woman in the crowd .
the lady is eating tacos .
a man is running a marathon .
a boy is walking through the park to the store .
the lady is wearing a blue shirt .
the woman is running together .
a woman throws a frisbee on her couch .
the lady is sitting in a tree .
a boy is walking to the store
a lady in a green colored orange scarf is in a crowd
the lady is wearing a green shirt .
woman gets two boys at the park .
a lady is dancing for the first time .
a lady in a green dress sang her clothes .
a woman is opening the corner of the river .
-----------------------------


a man running a marathon talks to his friend .
there are people canoeing down a river .
contradiction

there is a child in a boat .
a man dances in his bathtub
the man is at the gym watching the game .
a woman stealing a new party .
a man is kicking a ball in the park
the man rides a unicycle
an adult man is sitting in the sand .
the man is eating soup
a woman is winning the game .
a man is jogging alone .
the lady is taking a walk in the park .
a boy is running his child at the park .
a man is eating a sandwich
he is drinking out of the yard .
a young man is playing hopscotch
the man is eating at a restaurant .
a man is at a mall .
the man is sitting in the living room
he is playing baseball .
a man is standing up .
a guy rides a stationary in his car
the runners are running across the field .
everyone is walking fast .
a man is at the movies drinking hot dogs .
a girl in a blue jersey surfs .
a man is scuba for his family at the beach .
a man is going on the beach .
a woman is watching tv at a bar .
the man is jogging on the beach in the park .
a woman and her friends are racing .
a woman is standing in the sand .
a man is at his hut .
man running in the park
the man has no beer to his friend .
a man is watching a race at the bar .
a man is n't wearing anything on a bed .
a man is fast asleep at home
-----------------------------


a man running a marathon talks to his friend .
there is a man running .
entailment

a man is running with his friends in a marathon .
a man marathon the marathon with his friends .
there is a man bowling with a man .
a man with a crowd is moving his hands .
a man is doing his jump .
a man running in a marathon with his friends .
the man is travelling outside .
the man is outside .
the man is a marathon .
a man is running near a marathon .
the man is running by a man .
a man runs a marathon .
the man is in a marathon .
the man is carrying a marathon .
a person in motion race his marathon .
a person running on a marathon .
the man gets wet
a man is going up a marathon .
a man is competing in a marathon .
a man is participating in ride on a marathon .
a man pushing a marathon outdoors .
a man is holding his friend .
a male is in the marathon with a man .
a person running outside of a marathon
a man listens on his legs
the man is outside at a marathon .
a man is in the marathon .
a man is running a marathon
a man is running a race
a man is running outside .
-----------------------------


a man running a marathon talks to his friend .
a man and his friend are running a marathon together .
neutral

the man in the marathon is trying to make a marathon .
the man is a teacher at an event for his friend .
the man is running for the first time .
they are male .
bob was winning the race .
a man does winter running to his friends
a man is training for the race .
a young male walks a marathon .
young man running a marathon
a tall person running
a man is trying to win his first marathon .
a man is having fun running in his marathon .
a man is trying to win his life at the marathon .
a man and other friends sing a marathon they are about to get .
a man practices his signature for his girlfriend .
-----------------------------


a barefooted adolescent boy in a yellow shirt reaching the top of a small skateboarding ramp .
the boy is flying a helicopter
contradiction

the boy is sleeping inside .
the small boy is naked at a party .
the boy is in a swimming pool .
a boy in a yellow shirt is dancing on the bike .
the boy is driving a skateboard .
an adult in a red shirt is swimming by the ramp .
a naked child sitting in the snow .
the boy runs on the street on his birthday .
the woman is sitting down on the ground .
the small kid is wearing a white shirt .
a small boy dropped a mountain bike .
a young child is at home .
a boy is jumping off a ramp while wearing a yellow shirt .
there is a girl wearing a blue shirt .
the boy is riding a moped through the forest .
a boy watches through his room
a boy plays with a dog
a skateboarder is on the beach
the boy is waiting on the motorcycle .
the man is standing by the fence .
the man is walking on the street .
the small asian boy walking in the park .
a man is at the beach .
a boy is sitting in a park going for a walk .
the little boy is inside a house .
a small girl is watching the young boy in a red shirt .
a small kid makes food
a child is swimming in the middle of a large ramp
the small boy is taking the elevator .
a girl is working on the beach .
the old man is playing with a ball .
the little girl is sitting in a small cage .
-----------------------------


a barefooted adolescent boy in a yellow shirt reaching the top of a small skateboarding ramp .
the boy is five
neutral

the boy is a nudist .
the adult is friends .
a boy does a trick trick off his skateboard
a boy enjoys a skateboard competition .
the small kid is roller roller equipment his owner .
a small boy is in a park .
the child is very hot
a father watches his son perform tricks for a crowd .
the boy was happy on his skateboard .
a boy is enjoying his picture
a young boy is getting ready to go on a skateboard .
the skateboarder is going to work .
a boy is getting ready to jump off the ramp .
a boy is the acrobat 's riding .
a young boy is learning the skateboard .
they are about to go down the ramp .
a boy is riding a skateboard to the store .
a teenager is being helped .
a boy is walking his friends down the track .
the sad boy in a yellow shirt was enjoying the skateboard bike .
the sad boy is climbing the path .
a boy getting a sick day .
a teenager is doing a line for the world bike .
the young boy watches his newest bike riding on the skateboard ramp .
a boy is just finished his friends .
-----------------------------


a barefooted adolescent boy in a yellow shirt reaching the top of a small skateboarding ramp .
a boy is barefooted
entailment

a boy is riding a skateboard .
a boy is at a skateboarder a ramp .
a young person on a skateboard
a little boy rides his skateboard along the ramp .
a skateboarder is following the skateboard ramp .
a boy is going down a ramp
a boy on the skateboard path the top of a ramp .
a human riding a skateboard .
a small kid .
there is a boy .
the boy is at the skateboard ramp .
there is a boy holding his skateboard .
the boy is next to a ramp .
a boy is outside playing .
a young child is up
the boy is outside .
a kid rides a skateboard outside .
a boy riding a skateboard outside the track .
the child is riding a skateboard .
an child is on top of a ramp .
the child is outside .
a child is riding the skateboard .
a child is swinging .
a boy and a child are skating together
a skateboarder lays on the skateboard
a kid is playing on a skateboard .
-----------------------------


a man waterskies with a life jacket .
hitler rides a jetski in this kawasaki advertisement .
contradiction

the man is in a plane .
someone is in a movie theater .
the man is fishing on the lake .
a man is skiing .
the male is asleep in the shower .
a young woman with a jacket has just won a tennis match .
a man is holding a dog .
the man is not wearing a jacket .
a man is holding a dog on the street .
a man is driving her car to a store .
the man drives the truck down the street .
the man is sleeping
a lady wears a jacket
a woman is standing with a jacket .
the man is at the movies .
the man is eating a sandwich .
a boy tries to look at the sky .
the man is riding a bike
a man has a basketball cap at the beach .
the person is watching tv .
the woman is standing with her new jacket .
a woman is sitting on the floor .
a man is running around the track .
a person is making an airplane .
a man is painting a picture for a dog .
a woman is taking a nap on the couch .
a woman takes makeup
the man is driving a car .
the man is chopping down the street .
a lady dead .
the man is chopping down the tree .
-----------------------------


a man waterskies with a life jacket .
a lifeguard races across the water .
neutral

the man is a professional .
an elderly man is trying to get out of his jacket .
a man 's jacket is hot and his family for a wedding .
a man doing a new shirt
the man does a walk for the first time .
the man is enjoying a day at the park .
a tall human in a jacket holds a young man in a jacket .
the man is a professional
the jacket is big .
a man is herding his new party .
a man is waiting for his ride to go out of the house .
a man is being asked for an upcoming show .
the man is preparing for a book shoot .
a man performs in front of his girlfriend .
a sad man is dressed up for a picture .
a man wearing green shorts is a checkered jacket .
a man making a new ski vest for the first time .
the man is getting ready for work .
a man is showing his son a jacket to a hospital .
the man is outdoors hiking time
a man and his friends were not waiting to go down the street .
a man is outside with a large friends .
a man is part of his family for the first time .
a man doing a backflip for his friend .
-----------------------------


a man waterskies with a life jacket .
the man is enjoying the ocean .
neutral

a man is carrying his own own own bag .
a man is having his gear taken for a break and looking at his head
a man is about to take a break .
a man is getting ready to work on a new red jacket .
the man 's jacket is red and blue .
a young man has been pulled his new jacket of life .
a man is preparing for the game to play
a man is teaching a martial arts
a man is trying to sell his new jacket .
man sits and looks at his father
a man prepares to take his life down in a race .
the man is celebrating something
a man is receiving worker 's day .
a sad man in a jacket is looking for something in a race .
a man in his jacket is trying to get out of the house .
an old man is in the snow .
the man is wearing a red jacket
a tall person is looking
the tall jacket is hanging down .
the man is part of a hospital
a man with a jacket and a jacket is a friend .
a man is preparing to go in the ocean .
a man has been off for a day .
the man is a hospital a jacket
man finishing a jacket in a hospital room
a man watches a woman on a large shirt and a jacket .
a tall human is showing off .
a father with his head colored jacket are getting ready for work .
-----------------------------


a group of children enjoy their time on the beach .
a group of adults are swimming at the beach .
contradiction

the kids sleeping in their bed .
the kids were watching a movie at home .
the children are running through the field .
the children are running through a field .
children sit in the grass and reads the paper .
there is no beach at the beach .
the children are sitting at a cafe .
the children are flying naked .
the group of children are driving to the store on the beach .
the children are indoors standing .
the kids are sleeping .
there are no children
the boys were indoors .
the kids are sitting at home .
four children are taking a shower
some children ride their bikes .
a single person is playing on the beach with a family .
the children are indoors .
some children are playing in a park .
three boys sit on the beach at the park .
some kids are riding a bus
children sleeping under a tree .
there were two kids playing soccer .
a group of children have fun at the park .
the group of children is sledding in the mud .
children take a strike in an oak tree .
some children play on the beach at a park .
girl eats bird
there are no children around the water .
a group of children are reading a book .
three children have a pillow at the pool .
-----------------------------


a group of children enjoy their time on the beach .
children are swimming at the beach .
neutral

the kids are participating in a beach swimming competition .
this girls are jumping .
the kids are sledding in the sand on the beach .
the group of children have a family feet .
the group of kids are having a picnic on the beach .
there are friends swimming
kids wait for their parents to climb the beach .
the children and monkey are sitting on the beach .
five children are watching a group of children play in the sand .
a family of children enjoying a off of the beach .
the group of children have taken for the first time .
10 kids play in the sand for the first time .
the children are performing for money .
some children waiting in line at a beach to get to the beach .
-----------------------------


a group of children enjoy their time on the beach .
children are at the beach .
entailment

several children at the beach are outside .
a group of kids look at the beach on the beach .
children outdoors
some children near the water .
kids ride a beach .
an kids of children are outside .
the children and the children are outside on the sand .
there are kids are on the beach .
a group of children in the sand
there are children in water .
kids are riding a beach at the beach .
there are many children .
a group of kids watching to go on the beach .
some children are enjoying themselves on the beach .
the children are outdoors .
children are outside .
a bunch of children are ready to go on the beach .
the children are outside .
some children are watching something
a group of children play on the beach
a group of children are at the beach .
-----------------------------


a group of people sit on benches at a park outside a building .
the people sit together .
neutral

the group of people sit to eat at the park .
lots of people are on their way to work .
a group of friends are enjoying on a park bench .
a group of friends are sitting outside a building .
the people live are watching the park .
a group of people sit on the lawn as they are going to get in
a group of people having fun by the building .
some people are waiting for their turn to take a ride .
the people are sitting near a building waiting for their friend .
friends sit at park with their friends on a park bench .
a lot of people are at the park on a sunny day .
it 's a sunny day for a family at the park .
a group of friends sit on benches with a building .
there are people communicating to a group .
the group of people on the park bench , waiting for the bus .
a couple of people having a picnic on a park bench .
the group of friends are having a picnic outside .
a group of friends are laughing outside a building with a building
a group is watching the people play in the park .
the group of men are sitting outside of a building
-----------------------------


a group of people sit on benches at a park outside a building .
the people wait for the bus to come .
neutral

the group of people are taking a break from a park .
a crowd gathers for a meeting .
the people are near a party .
there are people watching a baseball game .
men are outside a building .
the group of people are making a lot of fun .
a group of people are having a drink together .
some people wait outside to work in the park .
people are outside waiting for the bus .
there are people enjoying the park .
a group of friends are playing outside a building for a walk .
the group of people are having a conversation at the park .
the people are waiting for the bus .
the group of people are watching a protest at the park .
people are talking about a bicycle in a park .
a bunch of friends sit on the park bench in the park .
some people are talking about a building .
the friends were discussing the park at the park .
the people are making a lot of fun .
a group of students are outside a park building .
a group of people are about to leave on the bus .
the group of people are going to a park .
they are waiting for the bus .
-----------------------------


a small baby , possibly a newborn is being bathed by a person in blue scrubs wearing protective gloves .
someone is helping bathe the small baby .
entailment

a baby is holding a baby .
a kid is surrounded by animals .
the woman and a baby in blue makeup are .
a baby is looking at something .
the woman is near the baby .
small baby is wearing gloves
an infant with a hair finger .
a baby looks at an infant .
a small baby is having a baby
the baby is making something .
there is a baby in scrubs
a human is standing and another plays with a baby .
a baby is looking at a baby .
a woman is dressed in blue
the small baby is under the picture .
there is a baby .
a kid is wearing gloves and is in the air .
the baby is working with something in their hands .
a child is pointing at something in the air .
a baby has on a saw of person 's head .
-----------------------------


a small baby , possibly a newborn is being bathed by a person in blue scrubs wearing protective gloves .
the person bathing the small baby is the mother .
neutral

the baby is a mother .
the baby is scared .
a woman is helping a baby to a baby house .
a mother watches her baby play on the beach .
a kid is setting up a baby to play with a baby .
the small baby is ready for a trip .
the child likes the baby .
a father with an newborn a newborn boy is on vacation .
the baby is trying to get a bath .
the baby is the woman with the baby .
several baby female is crying while the baby is a baby .
a woman shows off her new baby .
the baby is performing for a baby .
the small baby is old .
a kid is helping a baby on a date .
the baby is big
the baby is a girl .
-----------------------------


a small baby , possibly a newborn is being bathed by a person in blue scrubs wearing protective gloves .
the small baby is in it 's crib sound asleep .
contradiction

the man and baby are in the park watching the woman .
the baby is being pulled by an older man .
the baby is sleeping
the children is playing in the sand .
a child is watching a basketball game
the baby is sleeping
a small baby was watching tv .
a baby is taking a nap
a baby was watching tv
the baby was sleeping on the street .
the little boy is eating an apple .
the man is sleeping .
cat sleeps alone in bed
a small baby is watching a basketball game .
the baby is chopping down the tree .
the small baby is taking a shower .
the woman and baby are sleeping .
the two children are running in a field .
the children is swimming in the lake
a man is relaxing in his living room .
an infant is eating breakfast
the woman in the brown scrubs scrubs watching a baby
the baby is not wearing gloves
the baby is crawling into the ocean
the man is sitting at a table eating breakfast .
man in a blue eye cap plays with a baby .
the kids are sleeping in bed .
the baby is wearing a white helmet .
-----------------------------


an asian woman sitting outside an outdoor market stall .
a woman sits outdoors .
entailment

someone is in a market .
a woman sits outside a market looking at a market .
a woman sitting around a mans market
an asian woman is outdoors .
an asian woman is sitting near a market .
an asian woman is outside on a outdoor outdoor outdoor market .
a woman sitting outside
a women is outside a market .
an asian woman is outside in a market .
there is a very woman .
a woman is hanging outside at a market .
an asian woman is enjoying a outdoor market .
an lady is sitting outside near a market .
a woman looking at a outdoor market .
there are at least one person .
an asian woman is sitting around .
there is a woman in a outdoor produce market .
an asian woman in a market .
a female is sitting outside .
the women is sitting down in the yard .
an asian woman is sitting in a market .
a women is outside a market .
the woman is present outside .
there is a woman outdoors .
an asian woman is sitting outdoors .
the woman is looking at a market .
there is an asian woman sitting near a market .
there is an asian woman sitting outside .
a asian woman is waiting at a market
an asian woman outside outside a market .
a women is sitting outside of a market .
an asian woman is outside near a market .
-----------------------------


an asian woman sitting outside an outdoor market stall .
a woman is selling stuff in a flea market .
neutral

a woman sitting next to an outdoor market her fruit .
a woman is reading a book to a market .
a woman waits on her bike for the first time .
a women is buying a meal .
a woman is taking an empty market to buy a new business .
a woman rests with a purse
an asian woman is celebrating shopping service .
an asian woman is waiting for her husband
a woman is sitting next to her husband .
a woman is checking a sale of market at a market .
a woman and her friends were waiting for the market .
the women loves the shopping market .
a woman is ready for the day to start .
an asian woman in a suit is sitting outside .
a woman is waiting in line for food .
woman waiting for her turn on a market .
a women lies at a market looking for her husband .
the lady gets ready to eat .
the woman just bought a sandwich .
a woman is about to go outside in the grocery store .
the woman is wearing a hat .
the woman is a vendor .
-----------------------------


an asian woman sitting outside an outdoor market stall .
a woman sitting in an indoor market .
contradiction

a boy is watching tv at home .
the woman is swimming .
a white woman is knitting a sweater .
an asian woman sitting inside .
the women in the picture are swimming .
a man is setting up a market market .
the asian woman is swimming outside .
everybody is sitting outside .
a woman inside a house .
the woman is wearing a basketball game .
a black woman is resting at home
the woman is standing outside a market .
an african woman is sleeping on a bench
a woman is drinking from the fountain .
a man is eating at a restaurant
an asian woman is riding a horse .
the woman is standing outside a house .
she is standing by the market .
a women is standing by a market
the woman is alone in the bathroom .
an asian woman is riding the bike .
the woman is cooking dinner .
the asian woman is at a funeral .
a black woman is sitting on the couch and eating lunch .
the woman is taking a shower .
an asian woman is swimming in the river .
a lady is walking
a woman is getting ready for bed .
a man is sitting down with his family .
an asian man is playing basketball with a friends
an oriental woman chases a friend .
an older woman is running a race .
-----------------------------


an older gentleman enjoys a scenic stroll through the countryside .
a pirate boards the spaceship .
contradiction

a man is sad because the other is walking through the forest .
a young girl eats a cake .
an older man is running up a mountain .
the man is driving the bus .
an elderly man is at his desk .
the woman in the middle is sitting .
an elderly man is sitting at home watching tv .
an older man is swimming across the ocean .
the man was skating in the mountains .
a gentleman in the gym .
a young man is taking a picture of a dog .
a gentleman is skateboarding for a crowd .
the old man is driving a train .
the man is running
a young woman is swimming in the lake .
the old man is running across the street .
an elderly man in the walk watching tv .
two girls are wearing jeans .
a man is balancing on a bicycle race .
a elderly man is fishing .
an elderly man is sleeping in a park
a gentleman is fishing .
a boy is sitting at the beach with his friends .
a boy is taking a test .
an elderly man is playing soccer
a woman is taking a nap on the couch .
a elderly man is bored by the beach .
the man is drinking tea in the backyard .
a young woman is running towards the ocean .
the man is taking a nap .
an older man is with a young girl .
the man is sitting in his living room .
an older woman climbs a small object .
the man is cooking on the boardwalk .
an old man is cooking .
-----------------------------


an older gentleman enjoys a scenic stroll through the countryside .
an old man searches for a good place to die .
neutral

a older man is going to work .
an older man is watching a fat lady .
the man prepares to take his lunch break
a man works on a sunny day
an old man is getting a haircut .
an old man is walking to the store
the man is a friends friend .
he is the family of the father .
the old man is a professional .
the man is walking to work in the city .
an old man enjoys the day with her family .
a man is strolling through the forest in the morning .
the old man is shopping for a new prize .
an older man is going to work .
a man shows off his new birthday
a gentleman is having a good time at the beach .
a man is trying to get to his family .
an elderly man is walking through the forest in a sunny day
the man is a professional artist .
a man is getting ready to take a break from work .
the man is a hipster by the family .
the man is selling things to his family .
an elderly man walking to a party .
-----------------------------


an older gentleman enjoys a scenic stroll through the countryside .
a man walks the countryside .
entailment

an elderly man is taking a walk .
an older man is outside
an old man is walking in the middle .
someone enjoys a place .
a man is talking to a crowd
the man is looking at something .
an elderly man is walking outside a lonely mountain .
the man is outside
a gentleman having a conversation .
an old man is walking on the road .
a man walks through the forest
an old man is walking around the road .
an elderly man is taking a walk .
a man is participating in a place .
a man is out in the countryside .
a man is relaxing outside .
there is an old man .
-----------------------------


a middle-aged man is sitting indian style outside holding a folded paper in his hands .
a middle aged man is outdoors .
entailment

a man finds his shirt in his hands .
there is a person sitting upright .
a man is holding a paper on his hands .
a man is holding two objects .
a person making some paper .
the man is sitting down .
someone held the glass of paper .
a man looks for something outside .
there is a man sitting near some clothing
there is a man resting in front of a building .
there is two old man sitting outside his hands .
a person with his top is in his hands .
a man is by .
a man is holding a piece of paper .
man sitting down in his hands .
man holds outside
some humans wait
there is a man who has a paper .
a man is sitting with paper paper .
there is a man outside
a dark haired man sits in his hands in his hands
-----------------------------


a middle-aged man is sitting indian style outside holding a folded paper in his hands .
a middle aged man is showing off his origami creation .
neutral

a tired old man is shopping for a new date .
the smiling man is homeless .
the shirtless man is outside waiting to get into .
a man is scared .
the man is going to a wedding
a man is sitting outside with his friends
man stopped glass of new york city
a man is taking his time to the nearest of a new york .
grandfather with his hands on his hands waiting for the bus .
a young man is about to drill .
the man is a picture
the man is wearing jeans .
a old man is having a meal party .
the heavyset man is sitting in the park at a park .
a man is trying to take a break from his head .
a black man is checking the apple from his job .
the man is waiting for the train to arrive .
the man is a farmer .
a man is sitting next to a white apron .
a gentleman is holding a book out for his family .
a man is a professional lady .
the man is very sad .
the man is going to work .
the man is elderly on a work .
-----------------------------


a middle-aged man is sitting indian style outside holding a folded paper in his hands .
a middle aged man is sitting on a stool in a bar .
contradiction

a man asleep in his bed
the man is pushing a young man .
a boy in a suit is drinking lemonade .
the oriental man is asleep in the corner .
a man is fishing on his way to the store .
a man is jogging .
the man is inside of his house .
a man is running in the street .
three men sit on the couch
a man is standing by his hands
a woman taking a photo of a man .
a black haired man is riding a roller coaster .
an old man is inside a barn with a hose .
a man rides his bike along the street .
the man is standing at the construction site .
children are watching tv
a woman is baking a cake
a woman is sitting on the couch
a man is working on a small cat .
the middle-aged man plays the drums .
a young woman sits on the couch .
a man is standing .
the man is having a picnic at the beach .
the middle-aged man is eating a steak .
the white and blue haired chair is eating a sandwich .
the man is sitting on his bed .
a man is standing by his hands at the park .
an old man is running up the street .
the woman is sitting under a tree .
a man is asleep in his crib
the man is asleep on the sofa .
an woman sitting in a car
-----------------------------


number 13 kicks a soccer ball towards the goal during children 's soccer game .
a player passing the ball in a soccer game .
contradiction

everyone is by the goal .
nobody is practicing for the game .
the men 's own in the basketball game .
the soccer player is on the field team in the field .
three boys are having lunch .
four basketball players .
football players sleep in their bed .
the men are very somber .
a soccer player just fell out of the tennis match .
the soccer player is standing .
5 little white boys watching television .
the team of football players ran away from the goal .
the players are playing tennis .
the soccer ball is laying .
nobody is trying to score .
the soccer game is being held in the middle of the street .
there are no children playing football .
a baby swimming in a lake .
soccer players and are racing their bikes through the park .
five men competing in a soccer ball down a field .
-----------------------------


number 13 kicks a soccer ball towards the goal during children 's soccer game .
a player trying to score in a soccer game .
entailment

a soccer player kicks a soccer ball .
the soccer soccer were playing a soccer game
four people in a soccer ball game in a soccer game .
a soccer game is being played .
soccer players carrying a ball
the group of kids are at the soccer game .
the children are outside .
the soccer game in the air .
the soccer game is full of people .
a game of soccer ball
a group of small goal has soccer .
the people run for a soccer ball .
a soccer game with a soccer ball and the goal .
the last game of the children are .
the players are on a soccer team .
a scene with children .
a soccer game is being played on a soccer field .
the soccer team on the soccer field is holding a ball
the soccer game is being played .
the soccer game was played .
a soccer game is being played on a soccer field
a soccer game is being played .
a soccer player is having a soccer ball .
a soccer player and children are stretching .
some athletes are playing a soccer ball .
a soccer game is being played .
the children are doing a soccer ball .
-----------------------------


number 13 kicks a soccer ball towards the goal during children 's soccer game .
a player fighting in a soccer game .
contradiction

the three men are catching a ball .
the animals are running away from the game .
football players race the game .
the parents are sitting quietly .
four boys are playing volleyball on the beach .
a soccer team is sitting on the bench
three soccer players jump for a football .
the football player sits
three dogs are watching a game .
the dogs are sitting down at home .
no one is riding on a team .
a soccer team on a baseball field in the street .
four soccer players climb a tree .
a group of people is going for a walk .
the five men are eating dinner together .
the boy sat at the soccer game
the children are sleeping
the game is on fire .
the soccer ball is parked alone .
the soccer game is running away .
the people is sitting down .
the children are running a marathon .
the boys were going on a basketball court .
the athletes are playing a video game .
-----------------------------


a nun uses her camera to take a photo of an interesting site .
a nun using her camera to take pictures of various things outdoors .
neutral

a nun gives his first time to play .
a woman with her camera takes a picture for her family .
the nun is trying to get a film taken up
the nun is wearing a costume because she just won a camera .
a necklace is trying to take a picture for her friend .
the person is a photographer
a nun showing off her camera for her grandmother .
a nun is playing with a new york stalks .
an old nun reads after the wedding .
a woman is preparing a picture for her mother .
the woman is taking pictures of her family .
the tablecloth is green
a nun is showing a picture for her family .
the mans bear is brown .
a nun is getting ready for a future picture for her family .
-----------------------------


a nun uses her camera to take a photo of an interesting site .
a nun taking photos of a interesting site outside .
neutral

the nun is a professional .
the nun is off vacation
a sad girl watches a camera
a nun gives a picture for her friend .
a woman watches an important ceremony .
a nun is posing for a picture with her wedding .
a white haired woman is helping a selfie to her boss .
a nun paints a picture for her family .
a woman is trying to sell her camera .
the nun is smiling
the nun is on a date
a her pink haired has a photograph in a dark camera .
the tourist is posing for a picture .
a nun wears a swimsuit and is performing his first time .
a woman looks on her camera while her vacation for the camera .
a professional wedding camera is holding a photographer .
a nun is taking a picture at a wedding .
a kid is taking a picture with her family while watching .
a nun wearing a camera takes a photograph of her boyfriend
the elderly person is asian .
a nun showing her camera to a family .
a nun is taking a picture for her family .
-----------------------------


a nun uses her camera to take a photo of an interesting site .
a nun on her knees praying by a statue .
contradiction

a maid rides a bicycle to work .
a child is watching television .
a woman takes a picture of the ocean .
a nun looking at her dog to the store .
the woman is by a lake .
the man is not preparing to see
someone is a boy she made off the ocean .
a nude kid is not holding a camera .
the man is sleeping at the bottom of a building .
the man is the picture has been painted .
an african looks girl is not on the street .
a man is on the way to a car
a boy is skateboarding on the sidewalk .
dog attacks her camera on his camera
a boy taking a picture of a dog .
the boy wearing a blue shirt is reading a book .
a boy is studying in the room .
a boy is stealing the person .
a white and white lab are watching a movie .
the woman is taking a shower .
a man is working at an orange camera
a young man is snapping the photographer 's .
a woman throws a picture of a child .
there is a university grand the doctor in an empty mall area .
-----------------------------


a man sits in a chair on the sidewalk in front of a huge display of brightly colored artwork .
the man was watching tv
contradiction

a man is watering the garden
the man is cooking dinner .
the men are sitting on a bench .
a man is standing under the road watching a movie .
the man is standing on a bench .
a man is out his car in the park .
a man is swimming for the first time .
the man is standing in a chair .
a woman is watching television
a woman is eating at a table .
a man is inside his office room of a party .
a man is flying a kite
a woman is dancing with the street .
a man is taking a nap by the fire .
a man is riding a horse .
a man is going in the car to his apartment .
a man is sleeping on a park bench .
the man is sitting near a dog .
the man is running through the desert
the man is sitting down on the bench .
a man is sleeping in the park
the man is playing an instrument .
a woman sitting inside a bar .
a naked man standing near a display of a display of the president .
a woman sunbathes on the sidewalk .
there is a girl sitting on the bench
the woman sits at the park .
a man is watching tv .
no one is waiting to cross the street .
a man is at the beach .
a man is walking at the park
a man is running through the park for the first time .
man is at the grocery store .
a woman with no shirt is waiting for the bus in the park .
the man is reading a book at home .
there are no people sitting on the couch .
two adults are standing on the sidewalk looking for a friend .
a man is drowning in front of a large crowd .
-----------------------------


a man sits in a chair on the sidewalk in front of a huge display of brightly colored artwork .
the man was selling the artwork
neutral

a man is waiting for his wife to finish his .
a tall human sits on benches
a man is getting ready to get a drink .
the man on a bench is waiting for his friend .
a black is in front of a large pile of blue and children
a man is enjoying some sunlight to eat .
a man calls the artwork of his friend .
a man is wating for the first time of a crowd .
a man is relaxing at a bar for a party .
this man is enjoying the stands of a hotel .
a man is going to go outdoors .
an asian man is sitting in front of a display of a display .
the man is going to play music .
a man is wearing a baseball cap and a wooden model
a man is waiting for her ride to go home .
a man is cold outside of the new york display .
a man is in an art event on the sidewalk .
-----------------------------


a young child is jumping into the arms of a woman wearing a black swimming suit while in a pool .
mother catching her son in a pool .
neutral

a young person is enjoying the day on a swimming pool
a mother and daughter on the beach in the pool .
the woman is skilled at the pool .
the child is a boy .
there is a young child with their daughter .
a child swims as his child is swimming in the pool .
a child is trying to get his gymnastics into a pool .
a child in a swimming suit is practicing a swimming competition .
a young child jumping in a pool with her mother and his friends .
a young child is having fun
a child jumps for the first time .
a girl is watching her child jumping into a swimming pool .
a little girl and her daughter play in the pool for a competition .
a child is jumping for the first time in the pool
the woman is going through the pool to get a bath .
the young child swam for the competition .
a child is trying to win a competition .
a girl is trying to win a competition .
there are two people learning how to swim .
a child is on the swimming day for his parents
a child is learning how to jump into the pool .
a kid is trying to win a race on the swimming pool in the pool
a child is enjoying the gymnastics competition .
-----------------------------


a young child is jumping into the arms of a woman wearing a black swimming suit while in a pool .
mother and daughter shopping for shoes .
contradiction

a man and a woman are bowling
the women is sitting on the bench watching the child .
the group is eating .
the child is driving a car
the boy is sitting down on the beach
a child is running a marathon
the child is wearing a white sweater .
the pool is empty .
a man in a pink suit is playing with her friends .
one of the people is a green shirt jumping into the water .
the man is alone in the pool
a woman dances in the streets .
a child is laying on the couch .
the man is alone in the pool
the young child is sitting alone in the living room .
someone takes a nap
the boy and the woman are playing video games
a child is feeding a child in the pool .
a woman is flying an airplane .
the boy is sitting in the jungle .
a little girl and a man in a pool play .
the man is wearing a bathing suit
the kid is not wearing a bathing suit .
a young child is playing in the sand
the child is sitting in a park sleeping .
a boy is eating a child while swimming .
a child is doing a gymnastics handstand .
a young girl is watching a woman .
the boy is knitting .
a boy is walking on a trampoline .
a dog is sitting by a canoe at the beach .
a boy is learning how to ride the skateboard .
the child is sitting on the porch .
the boy is sitting down on the sofa .
the man swims into the pool of his mother
-----------------------------


a young child is jumping into the arms of a woman wearing a black swimming suit while in a pool .
child leaping into arms of a woman wearing swimsuit in a pool .
entailment

a kid is having a cast with a woman
the little child is in swimming suit .
a girl jumps into a pool with a woman .
a child and woman in swimming suit , are swimming
a young child jumping into the water with a woman
the people are wearing swimming suit and a woman play in the pool .
a young child is diving .
the girl is wearing tan .
a young kid in a swimming suit is jumping into a pool
a girl jumps in a pool
a young child is jumping in the pool .
a child is exercising .
a child jumping in the pool
a child swimming in the pool .
a child is swimming
a kid jumps into a pool with a woman and a child .
two water are playing in the pool .
a child jumps at a pool
someone is on a water .
a child with a swimming suit jumps into a pool
a child jumps into a pool with a woman .
some children are wearing bathing suits
a child jump into the pool
a kid is in the pool with a woman and his swimming trunks .
a child jumps into the pool at a pool .
a child gets swimming in a pool .
a kid plays with a woman on a pool .
a kid is enjoying the outdoors .
a kid jumps into a swimming pool
a child is playing in a pool .
a child is wearing a swimming suit and swimming .
-----------------------------


a guy waxing a wooden floor with wax .
the guy is dead
contradiction

a man is painting his room .
a white woman has her dinner .
a young guy is playing on a trampoline .
a guy is in a movie theater 's .
a guy is playing with a dog inside the house .
a man is shooting a bow in the park .
the man is sleeping in the park
the man in the class was waiting for the wall .
a dog is scratching
a man is preparing to play with a baseball .
someone is washing a car .
a guy is taking a nap with a cake .
a guy is running around the floor with a pencil .
a guy is sitting in the grass .
a girl is using a large room .
a guy is painting
a guy is playing a game of baseball .
a guy is eating lunch with a baseball .
a man with a cat in his kitchen .
a man is taking a test in the gym .
someone is scooping orange .
the girl is on the floor .
a female is painting the room
a guy is knitting a tuxedo
the man is choking his hands .
the man is drinking water .
the guy on a dare alone .
-----------------------------


a guy waxing a wooden floor with wax .
a guy is waxing
entailment

a guy is working on a floor .
there is a man stirring his glass .
there is a guy and a wooden floor .
a man is inside
the guy is preparing a wooden floor .
the guy is on a wooden floor .
the man is using a glass floor .
a person working on a floor .
an active person is performing a task .
a man performs a piece of bubbles
a man is cleaning
a man is working on a piece of candles .
a man is inside a mixing glass floor
the man is dangling a cake .
-----------------------------


a guy waxing a wooden floor with wax .
the guy is paid
neutral

a man has his head on a large floor .
a guy is fixing a small statue with a birthday in her house .
a man is taking a break to his dog 's birthday .
a man is making a candles on his task .
the man is waiting for his wife
a guy is tossing a piece of candles for his family .
a young man is very beauty work .
the man is a scientist .
the guy is preparing to go .
the guy is enjoying the day in a hard night .
a guy cooking for a new sculpture of a huge .
a guy about to cook on a large floor
the guy is at work .
the man is celebrating for a birthday party .
a man is preparing to brush his new birthday cake .
a guy is practicing for a wedding .
the guy is about to fall .
a man picks present for his birthday party .
a guy is having fun in a work of work .
a man is fixing the new york star party .
the guy is old
a man is teaching a class how to make a birthday
a man is preparing to take her birthday cake .
the guy is picking up a birthday party .
a man is relaxing after a long day of work .
a man is very good at eating lunch for his family .
a guy in a white shirt was watching a sculpture with a birthday .
a guy is handling a stack to his dog .
-----------------------------


this is the image of two asian men squatting near a mop-pad .
this picture is of two asian men .
entailment

some people in a moving area are looking at something .
two asian men are outside .
two men are waiting
the men are working outdoors .
two asian men are looking .
two females are outside .
two asian men are hanging out .
two men are outside of a building .
a couple of two men outdoors
men are seen near a spray-painting .
two men working outdoors .
there are two men .
two men with wall .
the men are outdoors .
two men are moving outside .
there are two men next to a scene .
-----------------------------


this is the image of two asian men squatting near a mop-pad .
two young asian men are squatting .
entailment

the men walk near a next street .
there are men standing near .
the men are outside .
two men are outside .
two asian men are outside .
there is a piece of two men
two men outside
there are people .
asian mountains is being walked by a group of men .
asian men with an object on a street .
asian people .
two people are outside together .
-----------------------------


this is the image of two asian men squatting near a mop-pad .
two italian girls are squatting .
contradiction

two asian men are walking in the park
the men are looking a train
the men are walking in the park
the two men are running a marathon .
the men is climbing a large mountain
3 men are running through the field .
two asian men get a bath .
the two men are sitting down .
one man walks along the tracks .
asian people are on the couch .
a bunch of women are napping .
two short boys climb up the stairs .
the woman is making a cake .
two asian men are riding a motorcycle .
two asian women in a car .
the woman in the crowd .
a man is standing in the ocean .
the two asian men are painting .
the picture is a man and some women .
the women are working
both women are in the house .
some women are riding their bikes .
the men are sitting at the bar .
some men in a park a river
young men sleeping
the men are sitting up .
two men are pulling a hole in the air .
the men are running from the store .
the men are in a field .
asian men are climbing a tree .
the asian men are jogging in the park .
an image of people walking on a street in the park .
a group of people are watching a movie at home .
the men are having a picnic .
the two asian men were running from the scene of their car .
a couple are playing football
the men are on a boat .
two people are swimming
young men in a field
a man and girl are watching tv
two ladies painting their house
the two asian men were sitting in the middle of the street .
-----------------------------


a man uses a projector to give a presentation .
a man is giving a presentation in front of a large crowd .
neutral

a man is using a microphone for a party .
a man is training for a ceremony .
a man is showing his work to a sale
a man is preparing a speech for an audience .
a man is practicing for an upcoming speech
a teacher gives a presentation
a man is taking a picture of his friends at the party .
a man is old .
a man is getting ready for a wedding .
a master trying to sale for the work .
a man is going to his friend 's state .
the man is nearby .
a brown man is learning how to perform
a work teacher performs a friend .
the man is a carpenter
the man is a clown .
the man is preparing for a concert .
a man is taking his teacher at a party .
a male is taking pictures of his family .
a man is making a deal for his board .
a man is hungry
a man in a white suit holds a camera for the party .
he is a teacher .
a demonstration is being photographed for a photo .
an office worker is interviewing a fashion project
a man is getting his picture taken on a project .
a male shows a photo maker for a concert
-----------------------------


a man uses a projector to give a presentation .
a man is using a projector to watch television .
contradiction

a man works in a field .
a woman teaching a class .
a woman is watching her husband perform a trick .
a man is sleeping on a bench in the park .
a man is giving a speech to a tree .
a man is play the game .
a man rides his motorcycle to work .
a man is inflating his work .
a man is slicing a new scene to the concert .
a man is fighting in a movie .
a man checks his wife to play a game .
the man walked alone .
a man is fighting a bear of his girlfriend .
the man is pitching a baseball .
a man is cutting his car .
a man is driving the camera to the left .
a man with a blue hard hat is watching tv
a man is driving to the camera to his wife .
the man is driving the bus .
the man is naked at the bus .
the man is sleeping on the ground .
an old woman is having a conversation with a man .
an active man is using a computer to buy a new idea .
the man is riding a motorcycle .
a man is yelling in a patient
a lady watches her husband perform .
the man playing video games .
the man is talking to a patient at a restaurant .
a man is selling groceries at an empty field .
a man is rock climbing .
a woman is taking a picture of her friend .
a man is at the beach .
a man is painting a house for a new car .
the man is painting a house .
a girl is taking a nap
the woman is watching television in the living room .
a girl is putting a man 's hands .
a man is standing by a fire in his office .
the man is sitting on the job watching the man .
-----------------------------


a man uses a projector to give a presentation .
a man is giving a presentation .
entailment

a man with a camera is using a camera to make a presentation .
a human is using a man
a man using a camera to make a presentation .
a screen is full .
a man is moving the people
the man is near a camera .
on a man with equipment
a man makes contact in his board .
a man , and an instrument is performing a function .
a man is giving a presentation .
a man is pointing at a presentation
a man is preparing something .
a person is making a presentation .
a man gives a presentation
a man is performing .
the person works with an instrument .
someone is multitasking .
the man is near a computer
a person entertaining a presentation .
there is a man is talking .
a guy with a video is having an audience .
-----------------------------


an older gentleman speaking at a podium .
a little girl in a spelling bee
contradiction

the man is at home sleeping
the old man is in a courtroom .
an elderly man is walking his dog in the park .
a young man is sitting at the podium her friend .
a girl is sitting on the ground .
a black man is eating dinner at a restaurant .
a man is reading a book .
a woman practices for a friend .
a black man is watching a movie .
a man is sitting on the couch watching tv .
a man on a unicycle is looking at the news .
a woman eats a baby at the podium .
a older woman needed
the woman is speaking .
the man eats ice cream .
the women are not jumping into the water .
a boy is watching tv at a party .
two men are swimming in a lake .
the old man is driving a car .
an elderly man is walking his dog .
the older man is sitting on the couch .
the man is watching a young man .
the women is standing
a white and blond man watching a movie
the man is dancing at the bar .
the man is eating dog strawberries .
the older girl on the bus is watching tv .
an old lady is walking across the beach .
an older man with a beard is eating lunch .
a man is taking a rest to run .
the man is standing next to a woman in a mall .
an old woman is sleeping
the elderly man is at the movies .
an older man is sleeping in a podium .
a gentleman is asleep at home
this woman is wearing blue .
a young man is at home drinking coffee .
a man eats a steak at the podium .
a man is relaxing in the shade at the beach .
-----------------------------


an older gentleman speaking at a podium .
a man giving a speech
neutral

an older man on a date .
a older man is being carried for a wedding service .
the older man is listening to music .
a sad man is standing at the podium talking while laughing .
an older man is getting the job .
the gentleman is tired
the man is celebrating something
the gentleman is a good friend .
the older man is talking on the wedding .
the man is a teacher .
a man is having their first time
an asian man enjoying a time on a podium .
the old man is watching a game .
asian man gives a presentation of his family .
a man in a podium waiting for a podium to his family .
the older man is having a party .
the man is watching a game
a jewish man gives his speech to a podium at a podium .
the man is bored about the news .
an older man is celebrating a birthday
man is trying to use a long project .
a man is communicating the butcher to make his job .
a man is instructing the man to be in a lot .
an older man in the rain is waiting for his friend .
-----------------------------


an older gentleman speaking at a podium .
the college dean giving the graduation speech
neutral

man getting ready for a concert .
a guy is showing a man how to cook for a family .
a man is having fun .
an old man walking at a podium with a white man .
the man is talking on a sunny day .
an older man is talking to a dog on the sunny day .
a man is talking about his job at a podium at the podium .
the man is a musician .
a older person talking to a man in a family dress .
an old asian man celebrating .
a man is ringing the job for his family .
a man is trying out for an education meeting .
this man talking to a family at a family wedding .
a man is packages for lunch .
the man is a teacher .
the old man is a teacher
an older man is talking to a family
-----------------------------


a young barefoot girl in a pink dress is jumping outside .
the child sits in a dark room watching television .
contradiction

a woman is throwing her clothes in the pool .
she slept on the couch watching tv .
the girl is resting on the beach .
a girl is asleep in her bed .
a young girl is swimming by the pool .
a young boy is dressed in a blue dress .
the girl is sleeping in her bed
the little girl is playing in the field .
the child is climbing a tree .
a boy jumping to get a bath .
a girl does n't have a blue dress on .
the girl is standing quietly .
the girl sleeps in the house .
a boy on the couch eating lunch .
a girl is sleeping with her mother .
the child is standing .
a young girl is playing tennis .
an old lady is singing in a competition .
a kid is laying on a couch .
a girl chasing her cat .
the young girl is sleeping in bed .
the young girl is eating dinner .
a boy is sitting under a pink dress as he plays her first time
a girl is sleep after school .
a young girl is playing the drums in the park .
a young child is petting a dog .
the girl is crawling in the grass .
the guy is wearing a suit
the girl is in a movie theater .
a girl diving into the ocean .
a young child is on the couch .
a girl sits at his desk in an office building .
she is having a shark .
the girl is a running player .
the girl is eating a sandwich .
the woman is sleeping
a young girl is wearing a red dress and plays .
-----------------------------


a young barefoot girl in a pink dress is jumping outside .
a little girl is playing jump rope .
neutral

a girl is playing in the snow with her family .
the girl gets her hair cut .
a little girl wearing pink running outside in a school project .
a young girl is dressed in a pink dress for the first time .
a girl jumping into mud for school
a young child is helping the girl for a long time .
a girl is about to run her friends for she sings .
a girl is about to fall off of a swing set .
a child is playing with a ball of toys .
the kid is taking a break .
a young girl enjoys the day
a young girl chasing her child to play catch .
a young girl is admiring the ground
the woman is going to compete .
the girl is a professional .
she likes to play outside .
the girl is learning how to use the hair .
the child is jumping at the competition .
a girl searches for herself in the garden
a girl is playing with her mom
a girl is trying to find her husband
a girl is having a good time
a girl is about to fall in her home .
a girl jumping for a ride
-----------------------------


a young barefoot girl in a pink dress is jumping outside .
a child is playing .
entailment

the little girl is outside .
a girl is outside
there are many people in this picture .
a young girl is outside playing outdoors .
a young girl is jumping .
a female human jumping around outside
a woman in a pink dress leaps outside .
a female jumping and jumping around outside .
a child has blonde hair .
a woman is holding a child
a person is outside looking down from the camera .
a girl in pink wears .
the young girl is outside .
a girl jumps around outside .
-----------------------------


four guys with guns and army gear .
the four guys are in the army .
neutral

four guys on a street are holding something .
four fat people with guns are celebrating a birthday .
the four guys are caucasian .
some guys are carrying an object in a race .
the guys are getting a photo shoot in a game .
a man with guns at the military group .
men with black guys are holding guns in a parade .
four guys are trying to catch a football to do stunts .
a marching band is doing their job
some people are playing a game .
four guys , the men are getting ready to go down the hill .
seven guys with guns on in the sun .
the guys are black .
the man is wearing a black .
four guys and a gun are are talking about sports .
some men are practicing for the audience .
the guys were working in a parade .
four guys are celebrating a birthday .
guys are trying on guns in a bar .
four guys are being held with guns on a pole
the four men were happy
four four guys are celebrating a birthday
four guys are in the rain .
four men are having a good time .
the men have a white ball .
four guys are practicing for a upcoming contest .
four guys trying to get away .
four guys are trying to play catch .
-----------------------------


four guys with guns and army gear .
the guys have guns .
entailment

men are near a helmet .
there are people being wet .
men in uniform
4 guys working on guns .
four people try with helmet
six people holding guns .
there are men with guns .
there are four men in the photo .
the four men are with guns on guns .
humans are outside .
some men and two arms device gear .
they are together .
there are four men in the photo .
four guys are making something with their gun .
there are four men .
the men and guns .
-----------------------------


four guys with guns and army gear .
the four guys are playing hopscotch .
contradiction

the four guys are playing poker
four women wearing dresses .
four guys are on the beach .
the four men are sitting down .
the men are destroying a fire .
the four guys are sleeping .
four guys are playing soccer
a group of guys are playing with a ball
four guys are riding bicycles .
four men are sitting on the couch .
four guys are at the beach
some guys are in a movie theater
all four guys have no gun .
four men are fighting to catch a dog at the bar .
the men have no any safety gear .
a group of men are playing with their dog .
the four men are alone .
four ladies and a gun are standing in line at the park .
four people are grilling a dog .
the men are running through the field .
four ladies standing on the floor .
men and woman standing in the field .
four guys are taking pictures of a cat .
four men are playing football .
four caucasian humans in a field .
four people are jumping on a trampoline .
four girl chase a cat in a grassy field .
a group of guys in the hospital room .
-----------------------------


a man is a safety suit walking outside while another man in a dark suit walks into a building .
there are two men walking outside .
entailment

a little man in a suit walks into a building .
a man is near a building
a worker walking his suit in a building .
there are two men walking together .
there are two men outdoors , and the man is walking .
there are two people walking .
a man in a suit gets a walk by another man
a man is traveling the man .
there are two men walking .
a man is walking along a building in a suit .
two men are walking
two men are outside
a man walks down an object on a building
a man walks with another man in a suit .
there are men outdoors .
a dark , man is walking down the street .
a man is standing by an electronic device .
a man is making a person walking into a building .
two people are walking together .
there are many people in a building .
someone walking outdoors .
the man has been walking outside
-----------------------------


a man is a safety suit walking outside while another man in a dark suit walks into a building .
men are walking in different directions .
entailment

there are people present .
a man is walking down a street with a safety suit
the man walks in the building with a person in a suit .
one man has a suit on near a building .
two men are walking in front of a building .
a man is walking with a safety suit
the man is a man .
there is a man in a hooded man .
the man are wearing clothing .
the man is outdoors .
a man is walking outside a building .
a person is walking outside a building with another man .
the men are on a safety .
a man is walking on a dark suit
a man is walking through a building
there is a vehicle in a building .
there are some people in the building .
the man is wearing a suit .
in man with a safety suit is walking into a building .
a man walks by a building .
a man is walking at the building
the men are outdoors .
there are people outdoors .
the man is wearing a safety suit .
some men are near a building .
someone is outdoors .
someone is walking with one another .
a man is moving his hands .
-----------------------------


a man is a safety suit walking outside while another man in a dark suit walks into a building .
men are sitting in the park .
contradiction

the man is playing with the other man at the beach .
the man sits in his office .
the man is sleeping at the beach .
an old man plays fetch
an man making a fire at the beach .
the man is sitting alone in the room watching tv .
the men is playing tennis .
a girl is taking a nap in the ocean .
the woman is walking into the building .
the man is walking the bus in the park .
a man in a brown suit is holding a man 's head .
girl eats food
a man in a suit is snorkeling fishing .
three men are riding bicycles .
there are five women who is running into a building .
three men are laying down on the street looking at the stars .
a man is fishing for a group of people at a party .
the man is sitting still
the man does two women .
the man is wearing a pink suit
a man is alone and is taking a nap on a couch .
everyone is walking along an empty building .
he is working at the office .
two girls running through the woods .
a man is walking his dog down the street at the park .
there are three men inside .
a woman and a man go to a restaurant .
one woman is sitting down on a bench .
a man in a suit and two men are fighting .
a women is walking in a parade .
the crowd is sitting down outside .
a man throws his horse at the beach .
a child eating outside .
the men are taking a break in the park .
a man is fishing at a lake .
a woman is eating lunch with another man .
pooping sleeping on a bench
the men are on a motorcycle .
two women with a safety helmet .
a man is laying down on the ground looking at the sky .
-----------------------------


a man poses for a photo in front of a chinese building by jumping .
the man has experience in taking photos .
neutral

a man is trying to get a camera on a street .
a man is taking pictures of his wife .
a person taking a picture of a man in the day for the day .
a man is spending his day to go down the street .
a man is old
the man is trying to win a competition
a man in a suit takes a picture of a young man in front of
a teacher is snapping a photographer 's house .
a photographer takes a selfie on his job .
the man is posing for a picture in front of an audience
the man is a hiking man .
a man skating in a race in front of an area .
a man is posing for his wedding picture .
a carpenter posing for a picture is playing with a blue helmet .
a photographer shows the start for a camera
a man poses in front of an area building with his friends .
a man is pointing a beer and he just finished a drawing .
a photographer is about to take a photo for a picture .
-----------------------------


a man poses for a photo in front of a chinese building by jumping .
the man is dancing around the building .
contradiction

a man takes a walk on the beach .
a man is alone in his room at a desk
the woman is sitting in bed
a little girl throws a ball
a cow eats his shoes
the man is running in the field .
a young girl is watching television .
the man is standing on the building
a man is watering his brother 's house .
a man is checking his wife 's house .
a man is chasing a dog in the park .
a man diving into the ocean .
the woman is posing by the building .
the man does not have a photo .
a man is taking a picture of the ocean
a man is skateboarding down a hill .
a guy is looking for a photo in the park .
a woman poses for a picture .
a young man is visiting the ocean .
the man is standing in a chair
there is a man kisses his dog .
a man is in an empty room
a man relaxes his girlfriend on a bench .
the man is taking the bus .
a man is watching television .
the picture contains a woman
a man is crying at a dog shop .
the man is climbing a tree
a woman is throwing a new playground in the park .
man is posing under a bridge .
-----------------------------


a man poses for a photo in front of a chinese building by jumping .
the man is prepared for his photo .
entailment

a guy posing for a photo
a man stands in front of a building with a man .
a masked man is looking at a photo .
a man is moving fast .
a man is getting his picture taken at a building .
the man is posing
the man posed in front of a building
a man is posing by the building .
the man is posing for a picture .
a man in front of a building with a camera
a man is outside with a camera
a guy is holding a camera
man posing for a photo
a man jumps
a man shows directions in front of an area area .
someone takes pictures
a man is holding a photographer at a building .
a man is near a building looking for the camera .
a man takes a picture of a building .
a man has his picture taken .
a person pose for a picture with two jumping over .
a male posing for a picture with a man with a camera
a man is taking a picture of a building with a man
-----------------------------


a boy looks surly as his father looks at the camera .
a girl looks at her father
contradiction

a boy is reading a book .
a woman watches a boy play with a camera .
boy drawing at a tree
the couple are swimming in the lake .
the boy was sitting in bed
a boy taking his dog for a nap
a boy was crying and reads his mother .
the boy and his father are asleep alone .
there are boys hunting in the field .
the man and boy are looking at the ocean .
two girls attempt the boy to the camera .
there is no one going on in the picture
a boy is inside his arm in the bathroom .
the boy is talking on a phone .
the boy is preparing to play with his friends at the beach .
an elderly girl is reading a book
the boy plays a guitar .
the boy is digging
a man and his son are eating ice cream .
they are watching a boxing match
the boy and his son are sitting at the bar .
the boy is not gesturing at his friend .
a girl is playing with her dog .
a child is in the bathroom
-----------------------------


a boy looks surly as his father looks at the camera .
a boy looks at his farther
entailment

someone and his son are looking at the camera .
there is a boy wearing his sweatshirt .
a kid is viewing his son
someone is being photographed .
a little boy watches the camera
two young people are looking at the camera .
a boy and his son are looking at the camera .
a boy are at the camera .
a boy is looking at a boy in the picture .
a boy is looking at the camera .
there is a boy in the camera .
a father watches a boy play with a camera .
the boy looks out of the camera .
a boy is looking down at the camera .
the boy in the picture is looking at the camera
the boy is near the camera .
the boy is touching the ground .
there are two kids
two people are looking at something .
a boy is taking a picture .
a little boy colors his his dad 's day .
the boy looks at the camera in his hand .
a boy looks at his father .
the boy is happy to be seen .
a boy is looking at the camera .
a boy stands
people are looking at the camera
the father looks at the camera .
-----------------------------


a boy looks surly as his father looks at the camera .
a younger boy looks at his father
neutral

a dad is showing his son how to use a camera with his son
on first first day of boy and his son play with family .
the boy is a mechanic .
a boy is looking at the art museum of his family .
the boy is looking at the art of his father .
a father eats his son in the show
a boy is about to play with his brother .
he loves the boy on the camera
-----------------------------


a boy in red slides down an inflatable ride .
a boy rolls around an inflatable ride .
neutral

the boy is following a paddle training for the small crowd .
the boy wears red and orange on the first time at the park .
a boy is on a ride to go to the store .
a boy watches the boy go down the ferris to play .
a young boy jumping up an old boat .
a little boy is dressed as an aligator , playing with his family .
a boy is on his way to work .
he is going to the store
a boy is riding his ride home .
the boy is happy
an boy playing a trick competition .
the boy is a professional .
a boy is getting his day from a race .
the boy is pulling through the rain .
a boy is watching the child swim off .
a boy is trying on his first mother 's bike .
a boy is fishing for a kite ride .
a boy is wearing blue shorts and a wetsuit .
-----------------------------


a boy in red slides down an inflatable ride .
a boy is playing on an inflatable ride .
entailment

a kid is in a red shirt .
a boy with red slide is on the water ride .
a boy in red and a red slide is wearing red and white .
boy is moving in the water
a boy in red clothing has the water bars .
a boy is outside .
a kid is stretching up on a ride .
a boy is out on an ocean .
the boy is on a ride .
a person is going down a slide .
the boy is wet .
a boy is doing something .
a boy is looking at something .
a boy acting a child .
a kid is having a ride
the boy and woman are wearing red .
the boy is near the water .
a boy on a ride
a boy in red and a ride ride .
a boy is in a ride .
a child is outdoors .
-----------------------------


a boy in red slides down an inflatable ride .
a boy pierces a knife through an inflatable ride .
contradiction

the girl is indoors .
a boy sits on a bench in the park .
the boy is sitting in a chair .
the boy is playing chess
a boy is throwing a child in his room
the boy is swimming in a lake .
the boy is alone
the boy in the red day day a walk
the boy is riding a bike down the street .
the boy on the dirt beach has a big rope .
the boy fell off the beach .
a boy is watching tv
the boy is sitting in the grass .
the boy is asleep in his bed
the boy is on a plane .
a boy is asleep
the girl did not enjoy the water on the water .
a boy is having lunch at a table .
a boy is taking a bath with a white rope .
the boy sits by the fireplace
the boy is wearing a blue shirt .
a boy is sleeping with a light toy .
a man in a red shirt is using a ride to catch a bus .
an extreme boy is fishing
a boy is fishing on an empty red bike .
a boy rides a bike through a lake .
a boy is fishing in the ocean .
a child is playing with a toy in the kitchen .
a boy at the park
the boy is playing football
the boy is sitting
the boy is laying in the snow at the beach .
a woman is dancing to the music .
the boy is swimming in the water .
the boy is putting a turtle on the water .
a child watching tv .
a boy in a red shirt runs from a boy .
the boy is alone and sliding down the merry-go-round .
the boy is on the ground with a white bucket .
a boy is chasing a dog at the park .
the boy is inside the house .
a boy is asleep .
a boy riding a bike through the park
a boy in red and blue .
-----------------------------


a man is reading a newspaper in a car dealership .
a man is at a car dealership .
entailment

two human reading a newspaper .
a man is reading to a paper .
a man reading a newspaper
a man is reading in the car .
the man is not standing in the car .
a man reads a newspaper
a man is reading a newspaper .
a man is listening to his car .
a man reads his paper in a car .
a man reading a newspaper in the car .
a man reading a newspaper while a newspaper .
a man is reading a newspaper .
the man is talking on a car .
a person reads in his car .
a man reading on a car with a newspaper .
the man is speaking .
a man reading a newspaper .
there is a man in a car vehicle .
there is a man at the car .
a man is reading the paper .
a man is reading to a paper in a car .
a man reading his newspaper .
there is a man reading a newspaper .
a man is holding a newspaper
a man is waiting for something .
-----------------------------


a man is reading a newspaper in a car dealership .
the man is waiting for his car to be serviced .
neutral

a man is looking at a newspaper while waiting for a bus stop .
a man is looking at his car on the job
the newspaper is waiting for a job
there is a man trying to get to his wife on a vehicle
the man is working by the rain .
the man is reading about sports .
the man is waiting for the bus in the car .
a man is trying to read his wife 's car .
a man is about to fall off his car .
a man is waiting for his wife on a car .
a man is reading a newspaper on a street car .
a man is cold for his family .
a guy reading to his job for the paper in a car .
a man is reading the paper for his friend .
-----------------------------


a man is reading a newspaper in a car dealership .
a man is reading a magazine at the hospital .
contradiction

the man is sleeping in bed .
a man is playing with his dog .
a man is making tea
a man sits in his car alone on the street .
the man is making nothing in a garage .
a man is watching a wide a man .
a woman is inspecting the train car .
a man is writing a book on the bus .
a man sleeping in a car seat
man on a boat in the ocean .
a man is taking a bath
guy is sitting on the street .
a woman reading a newspaper .
a man tries to stop his car .
woman reading to her friend .
a man is driving his car to work on a car .
the woman is on the house
the man is studying at a funeral in a truck .
a man is reading a book
a man is on a street corner
a man is working at the beach in the park .
the woman watches the mail .
the man is kneeling at a parking lot
a man is making a book .
the man is making a sculpture .
a man in a suit reading a book .
a man is at a library table eating dinner .
a man is standing in line at the airport .
an old man on a bus .
a man is getting a haircut .
a woman is on her bike .
the man was blind .
the man is buying a speech on the street .
-----------------------------


two male police officers on patrol , wearing the normal gear and bright green reflective shirts .
the two officers have gotten a call about a fight .
neutral

it is sunny outside .
police officers at a protest on the police .
two police officers are trying to find a police uniform on the police station .
the two police officers are searching for police .
one of the police officers are talking to police .
a police officer in his first day of police officers .
the police officers are going to visit the police station .
the police are talking at the police police .
they are watching a suspect and play with the fire .
two men are looking for a police .
two police officers are talking about the police on a police break .
two men are dressed up for halloween .
two police officers are trying to get on a police car .
the police officers are preparing for a police officer .
two men are dressed as the police of a circus .
-----------------------------


a carefully balanced male stands on one foot near a clean ocean beach area .
a man stands on one foot with his wife near the beach .
neutral

the male stands down a beach looking for food .
the female is fishing
a woman is standing on the beach with his family
a big man is working by the waves to get his lunch .
a female uses for the first time on the beach .
a man works at a swim chair in the water .
a female stands to work in the ocean to get out of the water .
the man is waiting for food .
a female is drawing a new york beach .
the man is waiting for a ride .
a mother is at the beach for the first time .
there is a male fun camping .
the people are a family .
the male stands near the ocean for the first time .
the male is waiting for someone to come on the beach .
the beach water is cold .
a boy thinking about work
-----------------------------


a carefully balanced male stands on one foot near a clean ocean beach area .
a man is ouside near the beach .
entailment

a man is working by the ocean .
a person , , and a stick is standing near the water .
an individual looks across a body of water .
a man is wet and looking at the ocean
a man is getting wet from the water on the beach .
the man near the beach is near the ocean .
there is a man outdoors .
a person is outside
a young man is cleaning up the water
man on a beach
people near a child .
a female dressed up , waiting to get into a water .
a person is standing up
a person is standing on the beach
a male with long hair stands on a beach
man is at the beach .
the male is outside .
the person is standing .
a man is outside
the male stands near the water .
the man is standing by the ocean .
there is a man is near water .
a male is near the water .
a person is standing on the beach .
the man is outside
-----------------------------


a carefully balanced male stands on one foot near a clean ocean beach area .
a man is sitting on his couch .
contradiction

the male is sleeping on the couch .
a lady is going to bed on the beach .
a female is fishing .
there is a young man in a car
a boy is swinging a car
the male is sleeping at home .
the man is working alone .
the person is sitting on the bench
a woman stands on a sofa with her friends .
the boy was drinking tea on the beach .
the male is sitting inside .
the person is drinking beer
a woman sweeps the beach to go down the street .
a women mow trees for a movie .
the woman was not wearing any silver .
there is a women running around the field .
a young boy is digging .
the woman is hiking the field .
a man stands in his room .
the man is inside a car
a man is taking a nap on his back to the boardwalk .
two women are running
the dog sits on the couch .
someone is driving the calm waves .
a woman watches people walking on the beach .
the man is sleeping at home .
the woman is dancing in the rain .
nobody is dangling their walk .
the male is sitting in a chair .
the woman is dead
a woman wears her hair while looking at the water .
two women look at the beach .
a young girl is drinking a beer on the beach .
a female is at the park
a man cleans his bedroom today .
the man is resting at the beach .
the woman is chopping wood .
the person is on a bus .
-----------------------------


a man wearing a white shirt is playing the drums .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
entailment

the man is outside in the drums .
a man plays the drums
the guy is wearing a white shirt .
a man with a shirt plays the drums .
a man is wearing white shirt
a man is playing an instrument
a man is being playing for his drums .
an man is playing the drums
an adult plays a musical instrument
there is a man playing the drums .
a man is wearing a shirt and is playing the drums .
the man is pitching a drum .
a musician is wearing a shirt .
a guy in a white shirt and rock shirt is playing the drums
a man in a shirt and musician is performing .
a man is playing the drums
a man is playing the drums .
a man playing drums
a man is playing an instrument .
the man in white playing an instrument
the man wearing a white shirt is playing the drums .
the man is currently playing .
a man has an instrument
a man is playing with a drum
there is a man in a white shirt .
the shirt is a man .
a man is holding the drums
the man is playing an instrument .
-----------------------------


a man wearing a white shirt is playing the drums .
a man is playing the trumpet with his hands tied behind his back .
contradiction

the woman is wearing a white shirt .
the man is sleeping in the sand
a man is in the middle of the desert .
a woman wearing a black shirt and a shirt performs .
a man plays his guitar in the park .
a man is asleep on the couch .
the man plays a trumpet .
a woman is playing the drums .
the guitar is all women .
the man is sitting in a park
a woman plays the drums .
the man is in the library
a woman plays a game on her couch .
a lady plays the guitar
the man is naked
the man sleeping in the drums .
a woman is holding the drums in a field .
the woman is sitting up
the man is lying on the couch .
the man is eating lunch in his kitchen
a man wearing a black shirt is naked at a wedding .
the man is alone in the kitchen .
the woman is playing the piano .
a man is playing basketball .
a man is relaxing at home .
-----------------------------


a man wearing a white shirt is playing the drums .
a man in a band is playing the drums .
neutral

a man is playing the drums for a crowd
a sad man practicing a band on stage .
a man is old
the man is at a concert .
two people play drums for the audience .
a man is making music for his girlfriend .
a man and his friends are playing the drums for money .
a man is playing the drums at the concert .
a man is trying to make a performance of a band .
the man is playing a soccer game .
a man sings his new band .
a man is playing drums in a band .
a man in a white shirt performs at a concert
the man is performing for an audience .
a man is in a band trying to get to the guitar .
a man is getting ready to play the drums
a man is playing an instrument on the street
a man is performing the drums for the crowd .
a man is playing the drums for a crowd of people .
a man is hitting the drum with his band .
a man plays his drums in a band for the first time .
a man is playing a drums for a crowd
man in white shirt playing drums with his band .
a person plays the drums for an audience
the man is making a band .
a man is holding an instrument at the street .
a he is trying to get to the guitar .
there is a band playing drums .
the man is singing karaoke .
a musician is performing his favorite song .
the man is a famous singer .
a young man is making the band band .
a man is tuning a new stage .
a man is performing a band .
a man is playing an instrument at the park .
-----------------------------


three women in dress suits walk by a building .
three women are traveling by foot .
entailment

three woman are outside .
three woman are walking
women in bikinis walk by the building .
three women are walking by a building
three people on a building .
three women were walking by building .
three women are outside .
the women were on the building .
three women dressed in costumes are walking by a building .
three people are on their feet .
three women on a building .
women outside in formal dress .
there are women outdoors
there are three people walking .
three women in a dress have more .
a group of people are outside .
woman walk outside .
woman walking in a building .
three woman in colorful clothing .
three women with both on the building .
three female people is walking by a building .
a group of people are going to a walk .
there are people outside .
three women on a building .
the group of people walk by the building .
several women are outside .
a three women are walking by a building
three people are outside .
-----------------------------


three women in dress suits walk by a building .
the suits are gray .
neutral

three women have their feet in their way home .
the women have been walk outside for a business .
three woman are getting married .
the women are shopping .
woman walk by an building to get home
three women are trying to get out of a building .
people walk down a city street .
three women are walking by the building for a business meeting .
the women are married .
three women dressed in suits are walking by the building to get to the store
the three women are enjoying the on dark haired building .
three women are on their way to the park .
several young women walking past a building .
a young woman walking by an building with women .
some women are in a new york mardi rain .
three young women are on their way home from the store
three friends are having a walk outside
three women are trying to get out of the building .
three people are having a conversation with each other .
the women are married .
the women were trying to get on the building .
three friends are at the building .
three sisters are taking a test .
the three women hold the construction of the building .
the women walking to their home .
three sad women are walking by a building .
three woman are walking to work .
three girls are walking to work .
three women wait for their friend .
-----------------------------


three women in dress suits walk by a building .
the woman are wearing bikinis .
contradiction

the men are going home .
a group of friends are jumping rope together .
three women are sleeping .
three girls are walking along the beach .
three kids are wearing bathing suits .
woman in dress eating lunch .
three woman are walking through the forest .
three men are wearing suits and looking at the sky .
the group of friends are running through the field
a single person was inside an home .
three people wearing bathing suits are walking by the building
three men are taking pictures .
three ladies hold up a large amount of water .
the women are sitting down in the kitchen .
three people are fighting .
three women are walking into the store .
three women are swimming
three ladies are inside a classroom .
three men in white suits are watching tv .
three women are at home sleeping
three men are jumping in the field .
three women are chatting at the bar .
three women at the bar are watching a movie .
three people are riding a bicycle .
the women are wearing black .
the women on the bus are drinking .
the women are walking through the forest .
there are women sleeping in a nice day .
the women are sitting by the building .
the women are fighting over the moon .
three men wear white bikinis for the first time .
some people are swimming in a lake .
the women are ignoring each other .
three men dressed in suits are walking along a building .
the women are driving a car
three people are on the bench watching tv .
three women are naked
the women are flying a plane .
-----------------------------


two people are waiting for a train at a station .
they expect a train to arrive eventually .
entailment

two people are waiting .
the people were gathered in the station .
there are people waiting outside
the people were waiting for the train .
the couple gathered together in a station .
two people are waiting to get on the train .
people outside the train station
two people are on the train station .
there are people outside in this picture .
humans is waiting in line .
a couple people were waiting to be in the train .
there are two people gathered in a station
two people are outdoors .
two people are going to a train .
the vehicles were waiting for a train .
two people are waiting for a train .
two people wait in line for a train
two people in a waiting for a train
the two people are standing together .
these two people are about to ride the train .
these people stand to the train .
some people are riding an train
two individuals outside of the train station is going on .
there are people near a train .
a couple of people take a train in an train .
two people are waiting for the train .
two people are on the train .
two people are near the train .
two people are involved in the train station
people in a waiting station .
people are watching a train
two people are waiting for a train .
there are people at a train station .
two people are preparing for the train .
the people wait for a train to the train .
the people were checking a train .
a couple of people are gathered for a train .
people riding a train .
the people at the train station .
there are people in the station waiting
two people wait in the station at a train station .
-----------------------------


two people are waiting for a train at a station .
they are both waiting for a bus .
contradiction

two people are flying through the air
two people ran a bus .
people on the plane .
a woman and a child are sleeping on the train .
two people are running the beach
people by a fire .
there are people sitting at a bar .
the two men are speaking to the concert .
two people are inside in a field .
no one is on the way of the bus .
two people are at home sleeping
the two people are alone in a field .
two people are riding a train in the park .
two people are running from the police .
two people are throwing a ball in the air .
two people are walking in the railroad .
a couple is in a field watching a movie .
two people are drinking in a restaurant .
are people singing in a park .
people running through an empty train in the park .
people are watching basketball .
people are boxing
these people are having a conversation in the park .
people are watching a movie in the mall .
the people are indoors watching television .
two people are running a race .
two people are skiing .
the people are sitting in a field .
two people watch a movie .
the men are taking a nap
people are standing by a bus .
the people are drinking a beer .
no one is reading the train .
two woman are outside
the men are sitting at the park
two people are in a plane .
a woman and two people are at a circus .
-----------------------------


two people are waiting for a train at a station .
they will both get onto the same train together .
neutral

two people are riding a train to the store .
two girls having a train station waiting for a train .
the couple is watching a train going to the store .
two people wait for a train to the store .
two friends are enjoying a train .
the woman paid a train
two people are late for an upcoming party .
two people wait for a train to work .
the people are tourists .
the man and woman are watching a train station .
the train is a large light .
-----------------------------


a man in a black shirt is smiling at a woman in a black shirt what a tattoo and a eye brow ring .
a man is smiling at a woman .
entailment

a man in a black shirt looks at a tattoo .
the man and woman are together .
two people are telling .
a man is dressed in black .
a person is dressed in black
a man is watching someone else .
a woman in a shirt and a colorful shirt .
one man has a black shirt on .
the woman is next to a man .
a man is talking with a woman .
a man dressed in black is giving a tattoo .
a man is wearing a black shirt and black shirt
a man tells a woman how of his face .
a man in a shirt and something is wearing a black shirt .
the man is reading something .
man in gray shirt and a woman dressed in black .
a man smiles at a woman watching a woman .
the man is giving a tattoo
a man is at a woman 's suit .
the man is giving a tattoo .
a man is among a woman .
there is a man around a woman .
a man is near a woman .
a man is wearing a black shirt
a man is talking to a woman in black and a black shirt .
a man is surprised
a man and a woman are having a conversation .
-----------------------------


a man in a black shirt is smiling at a woman in a black shirt what a tattoo and a eye brow ring .
a man is smiling at his wife .
neutral

a woman is taking a photo for her purse
a man is posing for a tattoo in a tattoo show .
a man is watching a woman watching a female show .
the man is married to the woman watching a man .
a man dressed as a woman is listening to a woman play the game .
an old man is standing in a tattoo show
two woman are at a wedding .
a businesswoman is watching the woman for the tattoo .
a man is talking about an event of another .
a man is smiling at his woman on a date .
a man is talking to a woman about the news news .
the class just took off .
a couple is smiling at their wedding .
the dad is the woman 's son .
the man prepares to take a photo
-----------------------------


a man in a black shirt is smiling at a woman in a black shirt what a tattoo and a eye brow ring .
a man is reading a book alone .
contradiction

a man is lying on his red shirt
the woman eats the man .
a boy helps a woman to hit a dog
the man walked through the mirror his arms .
the man in the black shirt reads a book .
a man is crying in a crib
a woman and man in a black shirt and white man .
the man is walking home .
a woman and man are watching tv in a bar .
a man is yelling at a woman .
the man is watching football .
the man is bald
a person with black hair smiles a woman with a blue shirt .
the women and women are wearing their red shirt .
a boy is crying because his mother is tired .
the woman with a blue shirt and a black shirt .
the red shirt is purple
the man is naked .
a girl eats a sandwich .
a woman is taking her daughter in a blue shirt .
the man is wearing a white shirt .
a man is sitting on her couch
a man is frowning to a woman a bar .
a woman with a blue shirt and a man are crying .
the woman and man are at a restaurant .
-----------------------------


a goalie in white runs for an approaching ball while the opponent in red who kicked it waits .
the goalie is sleeping at home .
contradiction

a goalie is playing tennis with the ball
football player running on the street .
a goalie is sitting on the ground playing soccer .
the goalie is sitting down .
two players sleeping
the man is walking around the track , the middle of the field .
a goalie is at his funeral .
a goalie is playing the piano .
the pitcher is swimming with the ball .
the man is naked and dreaming .
a man is eating a sandwich in a restaurant .
the pitcher is making a steak .
a basketball player is sitting at the base of the river
a goalie is sitting up and playing baseball .
two people are riding a horse .
two goldfish are running on a track .
lion player throws the ball
the opposition are playing golf .
the goal basketball player is dead .
the goalie is sitting still still his team .
the pitcher is sitting up for his game .
the pitcher is sitting indoors .
a goalie is sitting up playing with her friends
-----------------------------


two men sitting on a subway are reading , with coats and scarves on , but have seemed to have lost their pants .
there are women on the subway .
contradiction

two women are waiting for an empty train .
two men sit on the couch .
two men are riding in a park .
three woman are standing up for the train .
the people on the subway are watching tv .
some men on the bus are watching cars stand on the street .
no one is holding hands and walking on the subway .
people are inside watching tv .
the men are in a plane .
the men are sitting on a bus
two men are waiting in line for food .
the men are outside
the subway station is empty .
no one is famous .
two guys are running from the police .
two men are at a grocery store .
the two men are jumping over a subway .
the two male people are standing in front of a large crowd .
a boy is playing baseball at the park .
three people are running in the park
two men are on the couch .
two people are wearing shorts .
two men standing on a subway cars and are unhappy .
the men are playing tennis
some people are playing a game .
the men have no work on the subway .
three people sitting in the park , watching tv .
the two men are standing by himself .
two women sit in a grocery store watching a movie
the two men were on the bus together .
two women are walking around the mall
the men are sleeping on the subway and watching the cars .
three men are on the ground .
two men are riding a train
-----------------------------


two men sitting on a subway are reading , with coats and scarves on , but have seemed to have lost their pants .
there are people on the subway .
entailment

two people are working on a subway car .
humans watching men on a subway .
two men on the subway
two guys are sitting around with two men .
the couple look up at the subway
two men look on a subway .
some people are in a subway .
the men are near a subway
two people are outdoors with their boots .
a couple of people sit on a subway .
two people are wearing jackets .
the men sit next to a cab .
the men are having their picture .
there are two people in this picture , and they are all inside .
two people are on the subway .
one of the men and are on the subway .
two people are near a subway .
two people sit in front of the cars
the two men are sitting on the subway and the couple are reading .
some men are sitting on the subway and are waiting .
the couple of people are writing something .
a man in a shirt and glasses is sitting on the subway
man is near a gas
the men were sitting on the subway .
two men are looking at a subway .
-----------------------------


two men sitting on a subway are reading , with coats and scarves on , but have seemed to have lost their pants .
the men are wearing pants .
contradiction

two men are riding on the subway
women are standing around with green aprons .
a man and two women are sitting on a subway .
the men are doing jumping jacks
two men are sleeping in the subway
two men and two babies are in the park .
two people are riding bikes to the park .
people are standing around on a subway train .
2 men are watching tv
men and woman walk on a plane
two men are riding their bikes inside the park .
some guys are running outside .
no one is holding the same of people on the subway .
there are people sitting in the bus
a group of children reading books in the kitchen .
three people are looking at a church .
two people are climbing a tree
the man is asleep in the subway
two men are waiting for the bus .
two people are riding their bikes through the park .
two men are walking their mother 's school house .
people are having a picnic in the park .
two men reading in an empty subway .
two elderly people are riding their bikes .
the men are sitting at a bus eating lunch .
the men are walking home .
the man standing on the subway are holding people waiting for the bus .
two people running
no one is sitting on the bus .
-----------------------------


kids drawing something on paper
the kids are drawing pictures of animals .
neutral

the group of children were a project for a birthday .
the kids reading in a library
a boy reading a paper to a child for a picture
some children are reading on the same person .
the kids are getting ready to make a paper on the paper .
there are people getting ready to play .
children at the red white shirt .
kids have a conversation to see to play fetch .
group of kids reading about book with a book
kids have an audience at a conference .
the kids are reading about a book on the paper .
the kids are being married .
some kids are reading their children for dinner .
the professor is looking for the window .
the workers are putting on a paper project .
students are looking at a paper .
kids are drawing a picture of their children .
the kids reading on the paper and some of the glass .
the kids are learning how to eat .
the kids look at the paper on the wall .
the kids are on a date .
-----------------------------


kids drawing something on paper
there are kids drawing .
entailment

kids on a paper sheet of paper .
the children dont paper
some children reading .
a kids have to read .
children are sitting in a picture .
one person is working with something .
the children are drawing a paper .
there are children being working .
there are children
some children are using a piece of paper .
there are children within the paper .
children in a public .
-----------------------------


kids drawing something on paper
the kids are cutting ribbons .
contradiction

the kids are painting on a roof .
a man is watching his child reads .
some kids are reading a book .
the child is looking in a car .
kids are shooting a basketball .
there are children in the gym .
the men are running a marathon .
the kids are sleeping on a bench .
a kid and class are taking a nap .
one child is taking pictures of a dog .
one kid is playing on a boy .
kids are running in the park
adults are sitting down in the middle of a field .
some children are painting in a closet .
there are no kids in the picture .
the kids were painting on their couch
the kids eat a pizza
children are building a snowman .
children are sleeping
no one is reading something at the paper .
the kids reading at the beach .
one kid is reading a book .
the kids are watching television .
kids are eating dinner at a restaurant .
there are no kids at the bar .
a group of children playing tag on a field .
the kids are sleeping at home .
children playing in the sand .
a single woman is reading a book .
the children reading a book .
a kid is grading on the broken paper .
-----------------------------


a young woman is singing into a microphone .
the woman playing the trumpet .
contradiction

a woman is ice in the ocean .
a young woman is talking to a friend .
a woman and man play in the park .
woman in a classroom .
a woman is taking a nap
a woman is playing with her child .
a young man is eating dinner in a restaurant .
a man is playing the piano .
a girl dancing in a classroom .
a man by woman on the phone with the audience
the young lady is sitting on her couch .
a young woman writing in a microphone .
the woman is sitting on the floor .
the young man is eating lunch .
a woman is on the couch watching a movie
a young girl is sitting
a young woman is praying .
the girl sits alone alone playing with a ball .
a woman is taking pictures of a man .
a woman wearing jeans is sleeping .
a girl is taking a nap .
a female is holding a cat .
the young couple are dancing
a woman is sitting on the couch .
someone is playing the piano .
a woman is drinking beer and watching tv .
the young woman is running .
the young woman is sitting on a bench in the park .
the woman is swimming .
-----------------------------


a young woman is singing into a microphone .
the woman is in a band .
neutral

the young lady is a concert .
a woman practices with her friends
the young lady is performing for a crowd .
a young female is singing to a large crowd .
the woman is about to win a competition .
the woman and music on the street .
there is a lady waves off her new joke .
the woman prepares to perform .
a young woman is playing with her new school play .
a woman is singing and playing her hands at a concert .
the woman is a famous singer .
a woman is holding her birthday
the microphone is a stage for the woman 's birthday .
the woman just finished a music show .
a young woman is performing for a crowd .
a dancer is performing to the audience with her unique .
a woman is performing the song to a crowd .
the woman is performing the dance routine .
a woman is very good part .
a woman and child were dancing to a concert
a young woman in a band .
a woman is standing with a friends of her husband .
the person is getting a good time
-----------------------------


a young woman is singing into a microphone .
the woman is singing .
entailment

a woman is with a singer .
a young woman is singing
a female is in a microphone .
a woman sings in front of a microphone .
an athlete is performing .
a woman sings into a microphone
the female is singing .
a lady is performing .
a person is holding a microphone and singing into a microphone .
a female is singing into a microphone .
a singer is getting into a microphone .
a young woman is singing into a microphone
a child is singing
a woman is on the microphone .
a woman sings into a microphone .
a woman sings into the microphone .
a female singing into a microphone .
a young woman is getting into a microphone .
there is a young singer singing .
a young woman makes a singer .
child singing
there is a lady sings
a female singing into a microphone .
the woman is singing .
a woman is performing with a singer .
there is a young women singing .
there is a singer .
the woman sings into a microphone .
the person is singing .
a young singer is performing .
the young woman is singing .
-----------------------------


three elephants , each carrying a group of people , walking through the water .
the elephants are part of a jungle tour .
neutral

a group is about to go swimming .
some girls are taking a walk in the water .
three fat cats are outside
three animals are going to get ready for a big game .
tourists are getting ready to get wet
the cows are on their way to the water .
the winners are about to get the ball .
the animals are excited .
the animals have just won the gathering of the elephant .
the three fish all are going to get a ball .
a group of people are getting a haircut on the water .
the group is big
there are three big white cats walking in the water .
a mother and her pet are on a walk
this group is going to a fight .
-----------------------------


three elephants , each carrying a group of people , walking through the water .
the elephants are performing in a circus tent .
contradiction

three fat cats are running .
the group of people are sitting at the park .
three cats are sitting on a bench .
three animals swimming in the ocean .
the monkey are holding a group .
the three cats all run away from the fish .
three dolphins gather at the water while their cat is sitting down .
several cats are at the zoo .
three cats are looking at the water in a field .
three men are swimming in the water .
the dogs are sitting on the bench watching the birds .
some people are asleep on the grass in a field .
the 2 2 cats are at the park .
people are carrying an empty balloon in the water .
the group of people are sitting .
the group of children are watching a movie
the group of men are eating cake .
some cats sit next to a water raft .
the elephant looks at a group of cats .
the group of people are inside the house .
a group of cats chasing on a bear .
three cats are trying to get their owner .
a group of people are fighting over a group of cats .
a group of cats are chasing each other around .
the elephant bear are not standing .
the elephant will not be at the construction workers
the group of cats are running away from the three cats .
three cats are inside sleeping .
a group of animals chasing a man in the water .
most wildlife are sitting down to get some water
no one is carrying animals in the water .
the elephant looks at the stars
three men sit in a park playing poker .
no one is on the ground .
a group of cats are on the beach
a dead woman walks through the park with two animals .
the 2 2 cats are sitting in the water
the three cats are chasing each other for the first time .
the jockeys are at a concert .
-----------------------------


three elephants , each carrying a group of people , walking through the water .
three elephants carry people through the water .
entailment

group of and dogs together by the water
there are a group of animals a group .
the group of animals are holding something .
the people are walking past the water .
the group is walking .
several people holding a group of elephant walking through water .
there are animals in a water .
several animals holding something
the elephant were on the water .
several animals are outside .
the elephant is near the water
there are animals in the water .
a group of people are walking on the water .
there are people outdoors .
several dogs are pulling on water
there are kids and two animals .
the elephant was in the water .
some animals are pulling a group of animals .
a group of animals are holding it .
the group of animals are in water
several animals hopping through the water with a group of animals .
-----------------------------


a diver is swimming with a turtle .
a sick turtle is swimming by a diver .
neutral

a diver wearing swimming spring day is taking a swim .
a diver is about to scuba his nest at the beach .
the diver is having fun
a man is taking his picture on the water .
a diver plays with his family at the beach .
a diver is standing with his family on a boat
the lake cones is red
the diver is going to win .
the person is a man .
a diver is helping the best .
a diver about to catch a bird .
a diver is preparing for the 3 quarter
a diver is practicing his time .
a diver is participating in a competition .
the lake is almost finished for the day .
a diver is trying to catch a pond .
the person is a woman
swimmer is trying to find his son to climb in the water .
a diver is helping the man gets the ball .
a diver trying to swim in a lake .
the diver is a master .
the family bathes enjoying a good time .
the diver is friends .
the diver is going to compete .
a man is having fun on a lake .
one of the diver is a man
the diver is wearing shorts .
a swimming diver is winning .
a lake with a turtle is being filmed in a swimming pool .
a diver is helping to win a turtle that has a blue top .
a diver is going to compete in the water .
an athlete performs for a crowd
a man is trying to catch a family from bed with her head to the
a diver in the fisherman house .
a diver is having a good time .
-----------------------------


a diver is swimming with a turtle .
a lion is eating raw meat at the zoo .
contradiction

a man is using a blue toy to a house .
a man is wearing a bikini .
a man is holding a cat in his hand .
the man is running away from the bear .
a little boy is eating in the car .
a fisherman is wearing a coat .
the diver is on the couch .
a diver and his dog play jump rope .
a diver is taking his shirt on the ground .
a little cat is hunting deer in the lake .
the lake is empty .
a diver is sitting on the couch .
the person is attempting to get into a car .
a surfer watches tv at a restaurant .
a diver in the pool was taking a nap .
a girl is sitting in the grass .
a man is sleeping in the bed .
the diver is on the couch
the diver is standing
nobody is playing
a man is sleeping next to a fireplace .
the diver is sitting on the beach .
a diver is drowning
a man is preparing to take his bath
a diver is at the circus .
a diver is drinking tea
a worker shows off his taxes .
the man falls down his head .
the fisherman sits on the beach .
a woman is lifting her final ground .
a man is taking his lunch break
-----------------------------


a diver is swimming with a turtle .
a turtle has a diver swimming with it .
entailment

there is a pond in the water .
a person is scuba diving .
there is a bird in the water .
there is a pond .
a diver is wearing water .
a diver surfing .
a diver sits in water .
the diver is swimming
a diver is in the water
a human is wearing swim fishing .
a diver is outside
the diver is wearing water .
the diver is swimming
a person is diving in the water .
the diver is floating
an animal is swimming in the water .
a diver in a swimming pool .
the person is getting wet
a diver is wet
-----------------------------


a man with a beard skateboarding and a boy with a blue and black backpack riding a green bike in the background .
there is a man and a boy outside .
entailment

two kids are playing skateboard with their skateboard .
a man and a boy are riding a skateboard .
the man and boy are playing on a bicycle .
two people ride a skateboard
two kids are skateboarding .
a man is on a bike .
there are children outdoors .
a man and a boy riding a skateboard while a skateboarder watches .
the man and boy are skateboarding .
a man and boy are riding on a bike .
a man is on a bike
a boy jumps with a green bicycle
two kids are with a bike .
two males are riding a snowboard .
the people are near bike .
there are people in a picture .
two people are skating .
there are people riding a bike .
there is a man and a child in a bike riding in the background .
a man in a hat with a black backpack riding his skateboard .
the man on the skateboard .
a man is on a skateboard skating .
two people are wearing clothes .
a man is riding his bike in the air .
a man with a beard rides a skateboard in front of a bike .
two people ride their bike .
a man with a black and black art on his skateboard
-----------------------------


a man with a beard skateboarding and a boy with a blue and black backpack riding a green bike in the background .
there is a kid skateboarding and a bearded man on a bike .
contradiction

a boy with red hair is riding a skateboard .
a man and a girl are playing in a park
a woman and her bike in the park .
4 people talking
there is no bike .
the man is jogging on the beach .
girl and man running outdoors .
the man is working in an office building .
the man is rollerskating in his living room .
the man is walking his dog
a woman and a boy were skating down a hill .
nobody is having fun in his yard .
two kids are inside their hands
the men are standing near a pool .
a father rides a bike at the park .
the man and a boy are in a car
the man is sleeping his dog .
a father and his wife are in a bike .
he is an outdoor bike sitting in the park
the boy is walking on the bike .
girl in a white room
a man is chasing his dog through the park .
a man in a red suit is watching his boy ride a bike .
the man is carrying orange groceries .
two boys are driving their car .
-----------------------------


a man with a beard skateboarding and a boy with a blue and black backpack riding a green bike in the background .
there is a man with a gray beard skateboarding .
neutral

a man with his bike on their skateboard are about to win .
the man and his son are brothers .
the boy was participating in a bike competition
the man is wearing shoes and his wife .
a father and son are in a park .
the man is traveling the other bike down a mountain bike .
the old couple are riding a bike .
a man and his boy are in the middle of a bike race .
the two children are racing each other .
an elderly couple is just married
a man and his boy are practicing bike tricks .
the young boy and boy are trying to ride a bike race .
the man and boy are having fun .
a father and his daughter do bmx tricks on a skateboard .
two people are lost today .
a father skateboarding with his father in a green bike
a man is being rollerblading and his friends do tricks
a couple are riding bikes in the park .
a man is riding a bike and his father skateboard .
a man is showing off with his son .
the father and son are cold
a man is moving with his friends while his friends play in the background .
the man is riding a dare bike to get to the bike .
the man is the boy to the other two
the man is in a skateboard competition .
a father is watching his boy ride a bike in the park .
-----------------------------


a young boy reaches for and touches the propeller of a vintage aircraft .
a young boy and his friend admire the vintage aircraft .
neutral

a young child is playing at the park .
a young boy with a fort is working on a project .
the young boy could be seen a young boy is a german .
the boy is practicing for a competition
a young boy is getting ready to ride a ship .
the young boy is enjoying the day .
there are two boys in the park .
a boy is waiting for a ride to play his new job .
a boy is trying to get his job .
a boy is going to a new life
a boy plays with his family
a boy is rock climbing for the first time .
a boy prepares to make a hole .
a young boy feels about the rope .
the child is a boy
a boy is asian .
the boy is friends .
a young boy was trying to play with a fort .
a boy is playing with his friends .
a young boy is trying to get the job .
the boy is not wearing a shirt .
a young boy is with a friend .
-----------------------------


a young boy reaches for and touches the propeller of a vintage aircraft .
a young boy swims in his pool .
contradiction

a boy is holding an apple .
a boy is jumping to get to the beach .
a boy eats his food
the boy is sleeping at home .
the boy is sleeping in the library
a young boy on a bench eating a cake
a boy eats lunch
a young girl is reading a book on an indoor day
the boy is watching tv .
a kid is taking a nap
a young boy and a cat are sitting on the couch .
the young boy is dancing .
a young boy is making a movie .
an adult is doing tricks on the beach .
a boy is eating lunch
the young boy is on a boat .
the boy is sitting in the grass
a boy plays with a shovel .
the boy is cooking on his lunch break .
a young girl is making a snowman for the first time .
a boy is sitting at the park
a young boy is playing with a shovel
boy runs and pushing a kite
an older boy is building his home .
a young boy is playing the flute
the young boy is naked
a boy climbs on a beach .
the boy is standing on the ground
a young boy is eating a hotdog at a restaurant .
a little boy plays cards in the park .
the boy is sleeping with his hands in his lap .
the boy is sleeping on the couch .
he is running away from the police .
a young boy with his shoes is eating lunch .
a boy is sitting in the field .
a young girl checks a ring on the ground .
the boy is enjoying the day on the beach .
a boy is playing with a doll .
the old boy is waiting for the bus .
a young boy walks to a crane airplane .
a young boy is fishing with a fork .
a young boy is cooking .
-----------------------------


a young boy reaches for and touches the propeller of a vintage aircraft .
a young boy and an airplane .
entailment

a young boy is on the ladder .
a boy and a bow set .
a boy and a light gear are facing the structure .
the boy is a boy .
a kid poses near a construction .
an adult is using a vehicle .
a young boy is doing something
a kid is having a good time .
a young boy is making something .
a boy looks for his gear
a young boy is helping a vehicle
the boy is making a smooth
the boy uses a ladder .
a boy is using a vehicle
a boy is being active
-----------------------------


indian people dressed in magnificent bright colors conduct a ritual .
indian people having a ritual
entailment

there are people in this picture
some humans wearing black are standing together .
people in costumes
the people are together
people and a patient is at a patient .
the people were working .
they are together .
the people are eating .
there are people with food
people participating in a picture .
they are together together
many people are dressed in costumes .
some people are gathered
people at a gathering .
there are multiple people .
-----------------------------


indian people dressed in magnificent bright colors conduct a ritual .
indian people having a ritual for a birthday celebration
neutral

the family is admiring the new colors .
a gentleman at the conference of new york are in his home to get out
a group of indian people are holding a wedding party at a party .
a family is watching a wedding at a wedding .
several people a a ceremony event .
the indian people are participating in a long day .
some people in a ceremony are waiting for their job .
some people are competing in a local july .
there are people in costumes for the wedding .
indian indian people are posing for a picture in front of a wedding .
the people are celebrating a wedding .
a female fair is speaking to a patient in purple and black .
-----------------------------


indian people dressed in magnificent bright colors conduct a ritual .
indian people hunting animals
contradiction

the indian people are watching a football game .
white people in a procession are watching a movie .
a woman with white hair eats a book .
the blue shirts are empty .
three asian people are wearing black clothes and sleeping .
a bunch of men are in a classroom
a group of people are watching television in the ocean .
the men are drinking wine .
the ugly people stand in a field .
people are white
the people are wearing black
there is two adults watching a movie in the kitchen .
several people are watching a football game .
some indian people are sleeping
two people are running in the field .
the people are sitting in the kitchen .
some people are sleeping in the rain .
the men were on the bus
the asian men and women are wearing black and white stand .
some people in costumes are shopping
a family is at home sleeping .
a scottish people are eating lunch .
the person was sleeping
the indian people stand and the man is frowning .
the audience is watching up at the stars .
some people in a play play a book .
the people are laying on the ground .
the people were not actually anything .
a bunch of asian people are competing in a marathon .
everyone stands dressed .
a group of black people are watching a movie .
no one is at the conference .
people are playing football .
people are robbing the book .
-----------------------------


two little girls ride an inflatable dinghy down a purple water slide .
two girls on a water slide .
entailment

some girls are taking a ride .
the girls have wet .
a couple of girls are riding on a water slide .
girl riding on water slide .
the girls and a child are outside .
there are kids in an ocean raft .
there are two children
two friends are together outside .
some kids jumping on a water slide .
one of the girls in the water with the water water is playing .
two young girls are moving while playing .
two girls are riding in the snow of the water slide .
a small girls pretend to be an possible eye water water .
the girls are outside .
two young girls riding on a water slide .
two girls are on the water slide .
two girls play on a water slide .
-----------------------------


two little girls ride an inflatable dinghy down a purple water slide .
sisters squeal in delight as the go down the slide .
neutral

two siblings play on the water .
the two girls friends are having fun today .
two girls are trying to find out of the ocean .
the two girls are trying to get out .
the two sisters on the water slide
two friends are riding a boat down the river
funny brothers playing
the girls have nothing for the first time .
the girls are racing each other .
two girls are having fun on a water slide .
two girls are having fun
the girls go on the water park
two little girls play in florida .
-----------------------------


two little girls ride an inflatable dinghy down a purple water slide .
barney fife with his one bullet .
contradiction

some two boys ride an important bike .
the girls sit in the living room
two boys swim in the ocean .
the girls are sledding in an office .
two girls and two boys are having a picnic .
two girls are watching television .
two boys are surfing .
the boy making sleep
two girls are taking a bath .
two little boys are making a meal .
there are two boys at the beach .
two boys are at the beach .
two boys are having their house .
the boys were in the room .
the girls are in an office .
the girls sit on a bench in the park .
there are two boys in the pool
girls riding a red boat rope .
the girls are waiting in line to be picked up the stairs .
two girls are sleeping
the girls are running a race
two boys have no mascot
two boys sitting on the beach .
the boys are driving .
two kids are riding a red dog
two girls are having a picnic .
two little boys are swimming .
the boys are sitting down inside of a building .
children playing on a beach with no shoes .
two girls are skiing down the hill .
the girls are sledding down a hill .
the girls are sleeping by the river .
the children are watching a dog .
the girls sit in front of a fire at the park .
the girls were looking at the stars .
two dogs jump rope .
two little girls are riding a tractor .
-----------------------------


a restaurant front line , with a warmer in the front and a person in a red coca cola shirt cooking .
the person is cooking a hamburger .
neutral

the cook on the side of the business conference .
the boy prepares to make a lot of food at the bar .
a group watches a meal for the first time
the man is a professional person .
the person is buying a new chinese food at the restaurant .
a person is about to eat their lunch at the bar .
a cooks is working for a job cooking for a wedding .
a restaurant is selling food
a restaurant chefs cuts his ranch on his job .
a restaurant is for lunch .
a man is sampling out the grilled for the first time .
a person in a red shirt works for a meeting in the restaurant .
the restaurant is going to work on a sunny day .
a small person in a red shirt and orange liquid tea is making a meal
there is a business buying dinner for his friend .
a person is taking his family to lunch .
the person is a friend .
a cook wearing red ice cream is cold outside the restaurant for the day .
the restaurant is going to buy from the restaurant .
a tall human is holding a stick .
a chef is selling food to a person .
an ice cream cream tea is a woman at the bar behind the restaurant .
-----------------------------


a restaurant front line , with a warmer in the front and a person in a red coca cola shirt cooking .
a person is wearing a coca cola shirt .
entailment

the person is cooking .
a person is having a diner .
someone is next to the table .
a restaurant with a beer is being held by a person .
a person is wearing red
someone is eating .
a person 's shirt is wet
a restaurant shows with cold tea in the background of a business .
a person and furniture in the background
a person is cooking at a restaurant
-----------------------------


a woman walks by a brick building that 's covered with graffiti .
the woman is in the bathroom .
contradiction

the woman is asleep with her dog .
a man is driving the street in the city .
a man is riding the street with graffiti .
the woman is eating .
a man is walking to a city .
the woman is climbing an airplane .
a woman carries a cat on the street .
the woman is a man .
the woman is sitting down .
woman eats cake .
a female is at the grocery store .
the wall is completely broken .
the woman is walking down her bed .
the man takes a break on the couch .
the woman 's eyes closed .
a woman runs across the street .
a girl runs across a street .
the woman is sitting on the floor .
a woman is fixing the yard .
a woman is standing by a building with a wall on the ground .
a man plays a game of yard
the woman does not have any paint .
the building has a man .
a man is taking his lives on the street .
the picture is sitting down .
the building is empty .
the woman runs in the park while the women is walking by .
a man is painting a tree .
a man just had on a swim
the building is empty with no people around .
woman eating breakfast
a woman is cooking dinner .
a woman is out for a walk on the beach .
-----------------------------


a woman walks by a brick building that 's covered with graffiti .
the woman 's son drew some of the graffiti .
neutral

someone is taking pictures of the building in the summer .
a woman walks by graffiti on a sunny day .
a woman in a dress walks by the building .
the woman is ordering .
a lady is taking part .
a woman is happy and was
woman walk with a red graffiti on her way home .
a woman is walking through a city
a woman is smiling as he walks by a building with graffiti .
a woman takes a break from work .
there are people enjoying the day .
a woman is taking shopping to work
the woman is enjoying a day .
a woman walks to work
the woman just bought a graffiti .
a lady is trying to sell the new graffiti .
the woman is building a new project .
a woman is making funny faces .
-----------------------------


a woman walks by a brick building that 's covered with graffiti .
a woman is outside .
entailment

an individual walks past a building with graffiti on it .
a woman walks by a building .
woman gets wet
a woman is walking
the woman is walking .
a woman is walking outside .
a woman is walking with a wall .
a woman passes out .
the woman is walking .
a woman walked by a building with art .
a woman is walking on the sidewalk .
a woman is behind the building .
someone is walking through concrete .
woman walk in front of graffiti .
someone is walking
a person walks by a building .
woman walking .
woman is walking with art
a woman is walking by the building .
the woman is outside
the woman walks by the building .
a woman walks .
a woman is walking toward a building .
on the and construction art are being plowed outside .
a woman is walking and a place with graffiti .
the woman is crossing .
a female is helping to walk by the building
a woman walks by graffiti
a woman is walking in the street .
woman in building .
a woman is walking across a building .
there is a lady walking .
someone is moving her bust .
-----------------------------


two men are in an electronics workshop , working on computers or equipment .
the men are unaware of what computers are .
contradiction

some men are running through the park
the three men are working at a library entrance .
the men were looking at the ocean
construction workers are cooking at the playground .
the men worked a construction worker are making a pillow .
an empty building of two men are doing the car .
two men are looking for a car to go down the street .
the two men and two women are at the pool .
nobody is watching the men .
two men are asleep in the library alone .
two workers are watching a movie .
two people are playing cards .
the two women were running through the field .
the men working at the roof .
two men are naked in a pool .
the men are driving .
two women in a commercial booth .
two ladies in the park are talking .
the women are climbing a ladder .
a man is relaxing at home
construction workers performing their new play in the park .
the two men are taking part in the local train station .
the two men are driving the bus .
there is no one using tools in the sewing machines .
the men are sleeping on a couch .
one man is working with a gas gas .
a boy and his train are running through the park .
two girl in an american store .
the workers are waiting for the bus .
two guys in a game fight .
two men are working on a school .
a man is cutting up a screwdriver to the roof .
the men and two women are waiting for a bus .
-----------------------------


two men are in an electronics workshop , working on computers or equipment .
the two men are electronics enthusiasts .
neutral

two people try to find the best speech
the two men were working on the computer for their new tools .
two men are fixing the computer at a new break .
construction workers performing a construction project working on their computers .
two men are working in a lab for the first time .
the men are building a computer and a new hair .
the two men are working hard .
two men are using a microphone in front of a large crowd .
the men are all working on the phone at the break .
the two men are teaching a piece of a classroom .
the two men are waiting for the train to arrive .
two friends are making a computer for the man .
it is a sunny day at the construction .
a man working in an office building .
two people are working in the office building .
the two men were looking for the monitor to make money .
the men are using stuff to cook on the computer .
construction workers are having their troubles taken
two workers are working in a class .
construction workers are trying to make money at the office .
two men are working in a construction project .
two workers are building a computer .
the two men work for the break to make a test .
-----------------------------


two men are in an electronics workshop , working on computers or equipment .
the men are experts when it comes to electronics .
neutral

a man is making a lot of new new internet .
the men are working for the office .
two black men are on break at work
some men in an office are trying to make a raise for work .
there are two men working on their computers in the office .
one of the men is the computer desk .
there are two men at the college school party .
the two men are working hard for the first time .
the men is a construction worker .
the two men were working on the computer for their new tools .
the men have money working .
the men have tools for an audience .
the machines are dirty .
the two men were looking for directions .
construction workers are doing a plan of the public .
two men are going to go on the computer .
the men are building a office for their job
two friends are working together on a project .
two men are doing a construction project with their new electronics .
the men have something work in a high school machine .
one of the men is the computer desk working on the laptop .
the men were doing their job on the computer for a train .
some construction workers are doing their work .
two guys are trying to fix their computers .
the two men are making a project for their new project .
-----------------------------


young girl with dark hair facing camera and holding a paper bag while wearing an orange shirt and multicolored butterfly wings .
a young girl faces the camera .
entailment

the girl holds a bag .
a young girl is holding on a device
a girl poses for a picture .
a girl holding a paper bag
someone takes pictures
the girl is holding a paper .
a person is taking a picture of young people .
a young girl is hanging on a piece of furniture .
a female is wearing something clothes and a bag
some girl is taking a picture .
a kid is posing by a paper bag .
a child is snapping a bag of paper .
a girl holding a bag .
a girl is taking pictures .
there is a girl holding something .
a little girl with dark hair is posing .
a young girl is wearing a shirt with a top of her head and colorful
the young girl poses in the camera .
the young girl is posing .
the young girl is making a paper
someone is in the picture .
a girl is holding a bag
-----------------------------


young girl with dark hair facing camera and holding a paper bag while wearing an orange shirt and multicolored butterfly wings .
an old woman refuses to have her picture taken .
contradiction

the girl sits quietly in the pool
the guy is fighting .
the boy is sitting on a bench
the woman is very old .
a young girl is wearing a green shirt .
a young girl in a red shirt is not wearing a shirt .
an adult in a red shirt and black pants sits in a pool with a
the child is not in a pool
a young girl sits with a bag and no bag .
a girl is holding a baseball game .
a boy and a young girl are swimming .
the boy and girl play on the sidewalk
a girl is playing chess
the girl sits on the couch .
a young girl sits at the beach .
the girl is snorkeling .
the young man is indoors .
a young girl is taking a shower in the pool .
the girl sits alone in her bedroom .
some people are holding up a bag in an airplane .
a girl is wearing a shirt and red shirt .
the girl is sitting on a sofa .
a boy and girl in the swimsuit 's house look for the camera .
the girl was kicking a . .
the girls is running .
the boy is at a wedding .
a girl sits on the ground with her hands in the background .
the girl is wearing a dress in bathing suit .
a girl is holding a dog .
-----------------------------


young girl with dark hair facing camera and holding a paper bag while wearing an orange shirt and multicolored butterfly wings .
a young girl faces the camera while holding a lunch bag .
neutral

the young girl is wearing a wedding .
the girl is taking pictures of a rose piece of up .
a girl looks at the camera in her bedroom .
the girl just finished surfing
the young girl is performing a routine for the audience .
a female blonde is trying on her hobby
a girl wearing an orange shirt holds an orange bag outside for her future to
a young girl is taking a picture of a colorful bag .
girl is watching a girl see her friend .
the girl is having fun
a girl is posing for a photograph at a wedding .
the girl is a professional lady .
the girls is waiting for a high camera to take .
the photographer is taking pictures of the beautiful .
the girl is twirling her daughter .
two girls are about to take a picture .
a girl is about to pose in a bag and is wearing a yellow shirt
young girl wearing an orange shirt about to take a picture
a young girl is having fun with her friend
a young girl posing for a picture with her sister .
the girl is posing for a picture .
a young girl is getting ready to take a picture
a girl makes a cookie for her first time .
the female is taking pictures with her friends .
-----------------------------


a boy in overalls blows bubbles .
a boy in overalls is playing with bubbles outside .
neutral

the boy is hungry
a boy with his friends fishing in a competition .
a child is playing with bubbles in the park .
the boy is picking up blue socks .
boy is preparing to pet his dog .
the boy is enjoying the outdoors .
a child is trying to get a drink
a boy is about to hit the young child .
a boy is sweeping on the ground for the first time .
the child is playing indoors .
a boy is playing with bubble ball with his family .
a boy is chipping the bubbles on his way home .
a boy is playing on the beach with his family
a boy is preparing to get a drink of his family .
a boy was tired .
a bubble strikes has his sister in his bathtub .
a little boy plays with his friend .
a boy plays on a sunny day
a boy was giving his way to drink .
the boy is going to get ready to cook .
a boy is watering the yard for his family .
a boy blow bubbles to get out of his face .
-----------------------------


a boy in overalls blows bubbles .
a boy is blowing bubbles .
entailment

a boy is holding an object .
the boy is throwing .
a boy with wet hair painted a boy .
a boy is throwing the bubbles .
a kid is playing in blowing .
a kid is hanging out on the water .
a boy pulls bubbles with bubbles
there is a boy playing .
a kid is playing with bubbles
a child is exercising .
a child is playing .
the boy is being creative .
a kid is wearing a uniform
a boy is holding something on his face .
a boy is making bubbles
a kid in overalls is blowing bubbles on his face .
a boy is playing with bubbles .
the boy is in a body .
a boy is cleaning with his face .
-----------------------------


a boy in overalls blows bubbles .
a man is juggling in the park .
contradiction

a boy lays on the slide
the boy is taking a nap .
a boy is naked .
a boy cries in the sand .
a woman is taking a bath .
the boy is painting a wall .
a boy wearing light blue sleeps eats bubbles from a water t-shirt .
the boy is sleeping on the couch .
a boy in red is playing with dolls .
a boy is taking a nap in the ocean .
a boy is playing basketball outside
the boy is walking around .
the man in red and orange wears shoes .
the boy is eating
a boy is cooking on a blue floor .
a boy is dancing with his family .
a girl is holding a stick .
a girl is trying to get a bubble .
a boy is shaking her face .
a boy in light blue plays with dough
the girl was sitting inside
no one is in the middle of the desert .
a boy is painting on a painting .
the boy is eating soup .
a boy in his paint is watching tv
the girl is wearing a green helmet .
a boy eats pizza
a girl is cooking a meal .
a boy sits alone under a tree .
a little girl is holding an apple .
a girl is swimming
the girl is wearing green .
the boy is a girl .
a girl is hitting the child on the floor .
-----------------------------


two children playing on the floor with toy trains .
the children played on the floor with their new christmas toys .
neutral

they are playing a game of toys at the park .
two children chase each other on the floor .
two children are doing tricks .
the children are sisters .
two young children are trying to get dirty .
the children rest on the floor because they are wearing blue .
the children are wearing a sweater .
two kids are playing with toys at the club .
two kids playing on the floor in front of a movie .
two children playing on the floor at a park .
the children is doing their tricks .
two children play on the floor at the park .
two children are having fun .
it 's a sunny day at the park .
two children have a toy doll .
two children are practicing for a ride .
two young children are trying to climb a railroad .
the children are performing a concert .
two kids are being held to go to a toy ride .
-----------------------------


two children playing on the floor with toy trains .
the children played on the floor .
entailment

two children on the floor .
a couple children are playing with toys .
there are two children
two children on a floor .
two children are performing with toys .
the children are playing .
kids outside playing with toy station in their toy station .
two children
there are two children with children .
two kids on a floor playing with toys
there are children .
one of the children plays with toys .
two little children are playing .
there are children playing near the train .
two children are playing .
two children are in a frame .
the children are doing something .
some children are playing a train .
two people are being active .
the children are indoors .
the children are outdoors with their toy .
two kids are playing with a toy .
-----------------------------


two children playing on the floor with toy trains .
the girls slept on the floor next to the toys .
contradiction

the children swim in the pool at the docks .
two children are shopping for a meal .
the kids are sleeping .
children playing cards while sitting in a field .
two children are running through the park .
two men are not holding toy .
the kids are not eating lunch .
kids sleeping in their bed
children playing in the park .
the children are running through the park .
dogs are inside eating dinner .
the children are sleeping in the loft .
children at a bus station .
the two children were playing video games .
two children are sleeping for a family photo .
some girls are playing in a pool .
two kids are fighting each other .
the two kids are not giving a toy .
two children running in the race .
the children are sitting quietly in a field .
the children are eating dinner
two children in bed
a man swimming in the ocean
the kids are climbing a tree
two people are cooking at the restaurant .
the three children are working at the pool .
the kids are driving a car .
the children are drinking from the water room .
kids are playing in a grassy field .
the kids are taking a nap at their home home .
three children are swimming .
two kids swimming in the ocean .
-----------------------------


a white dog is chasing a stuffed animal being pulled on a string .
the animal is running
entailment

a white dog chases a stuffed animal
a dog and a object
a dog is chasing a toy
there is a dog show using a stuffed animal .
a white dog is carrying animals
a dog runs through a toy .
a white dog looks at a stuffed animal .
a white dog is being a stuffed animal on a toy
there is a dog with its animal .
a dog is catching a stuffed animal
the dog was given a dog .
a white dog is near a stuffed animal
a dog has his toy in his mouth .
a dog is playing with the stuffed animal .
the white dog is looking at the animal .
a dog holds a stuffed animal with its toy .
a white dog carrying a stuffed animal in his hand .
a dog is holding a stuffed .
a white dog carrying something in its mouth .
a white dog is outside looking .
a dog is with a stuffed animal .
the white dog carries a stuffed animal .
a white dog is trying to get it of a stuffed animal .
-----------------------------


a white dog is chasing a stuffed animal being pulled on a string .
the animal is a puppy
neutral

the animal is angry at the dog .
the dog is a poodle
a white dog is running to the ball and waiting for his owner to come
a white puppy is with his owner .
the dog works for a crowd .
the dog was at the dog park .
the white dog is looking for something in the store .
a dog with an animal chew his owner for his owner for his owner .
an animal is watching the dog play in the park .
the white dog is playing together .
a dog chases the birds to his owner .
the white dog is going to the park .
a dog chasing a big animal with his owner
the dog is a poodle .
a dog with a stuffed animal is carrying a stuffed animal with his owner .
a puppy tries to catch a new animal to the toy .
a white dog returning to its owner .
a dog catches a stuffed animal with his owner .
a white dog is playing at the park .
a white dog plays with a toy in the park .
a dog works at the dog 's plant
a dog is getting ready to go out .
a white dog is being played with a stuffed animal in the park .
a dog is going to catch the ball .
-----------------------------


a white dog is chasing a stuffed animal being pulled on a string .
the animal is sleeping
contradiction

dog sleeps in bed
a white dog is watching tv
a cat is chasing a cat .
this dog is black
the dog is eating the birds .
the dog is eating the stuffed animal .
a dog is attacking the cat .
a white dog is standing next to a stuffed animal .
a puppy is carrying a cat .
a white dog was carrying a cat .
a white dog is walking on a beach .
a white dog eating his food .
a white dog is laying on the sofa
the dog licks the cage .
a dog is drinking from the bowl .
the cat runs through the forest .
the dog is drinking tea
the dog is surfing .
a cat is holding a toy
the dog was fast asleep .
the dog did not have a stuffed animal .
the white dog is sitting down .
a white dog is walking a labrador
a cat is playing with a toy .
a white dog and a cat are fighting in a fire fight .
a white dog is trying to climb a tree .
dog chases a cat
the dog is putting a spider
a black dog is asleep on the couch .
the animal is sleeping on the couch .
a cat is studying inside .
dog sleeping on the couch
a dog is eating food
a white and black dog are sitting next to a cat .
the dog is eating sheep .
-----------------------------


two female workers sit on some steps during work .
two friends sitting on step at their job .
entailment

two women are at the steps .
two women are doing something .
two workers work
there are two female construction steps .
two workers are looking .
the workers are resting
two women are working on a steps .
they people by a steps
two people are working .
two people are creating something .
two girls sit on concrete in near steps .
two workers are near steps .
the woman sat on the steps
two people sit outside .
people in laying
two woman at work
two women are working on the steps .
the women are not standing .
-----------------------------


two female workers sit on some steps during work .
two women sitting on steps at their job .
entailment

two females are next to each other .
the woman sat on the steps
two people are working outside outside .
the women and the women are working .
two workers are working .
two humans are outside .
two workers are on a steps .
two woman are working on the steps .
two female workers are sitting on the steps .
two woman are on the steps
two workers sit near a steps .
the woman on the ground are not tall .
two humans are working .
two female workers are at the steps .
two women are sitting on a stoop .
two workers are using their work .
two girls sit on a steps .
-----------------------------


two female workers sit on some steps during work .
two women sitting at their workplace desks .
contradiction

the two female workers are on the bench watching a movie .
the women are talking in the kitchen .
two workers sleeping outside .
the workers are putting their hands sleeps .
two female teachers in a park waiting for the bus .
the white and female work in the kitchen .
construction workers walk through an airport
one woman is standing on the steps .
a couple of ladies are dancing to music
two women are robbing their work .
the women sit on a bench .
two workers are sleeping
two girls are cleaning their steps in the kitchen .
some people are sleeping on the couch
two ladies are running down the street .
the men are sewing their hands .
the two women are standing behind the steps .
the women are building a picket .
the men are drinking .
two workers sleeping in bed .
there is only one woman in this picture , and they are both friends .
the dancers are performing surgery .
two men are stealing .
two workers are playing catch .
the men are driving on a bus .
a woman and two women are taking a nap
the women are reading books .
two couples on the roof watching tv .
the women sleeps while watching tv .
two workers are sleeping .
the workers are singing .
-----------------------------


a man in a blue shirt , jumping down a hill in a park .
a man is sleeping .
contradiction

a man is walking through the park on his way home .
a man is indoors in a pool .
a man is watching a baseball game a wheelie in the park .
a man is relaxing in the park .
the man is resting on a bench .
a woman in blue wears jeans and jeans .
the man is sitting in a church
a girl with a blue shirt is swimming in the park .
a man is at home , carrying his family .
a boy is learning to swim .
a man laying down on a park bench .
a woman is dancing with her child
a man is wearing a black uniform
a girl is eating lunch at his desk .
a man is laying on the beach
a man is walking his dog .
a female is swimming for a bike .
a man eating food in a kitchen .
the man is sleeping in his bed .
the woman is walking across the street .
a man is skiing down a hill in the park .
the man is alone in the room at the park .
there is no one going .
a man is riding a bicycle in the park .
a woman is swimming at the park .
a man in a blue shirt stands by a lake with his friends .
a man dressed as a blue shirt is swimming in a park .
a girl eats cheetos
a man in a blue shirt is playing baseball .
the man is running at the beach .
a man is visiting the moon
a woman sets up a new york building .
a man is riding a cow
a dog chases a cat on the beach .
a man is about to go swimming in the ocean
a man is standing up sitting on a hill waiting for a ride .
the man is sitting in a church getting ready to go skiing .
a man is washing his car in the park .
the man is walking on the hill .
-----------------------------


a man in a blue shirt , jumping down a hill in a park .
a man is down a park
entailment

a man is in the park
shirtless man is jumping
a shirtless guy jumps down a hill on a hill .
the person is pulling .
the man is in the park .
a human jumping
a man is on a hill
a man jumping up a hill in the park .
a man is wearing a blue shirt and jumping up a hill
a man is wearing a blue shirt and jumping down a hill .
the man is jumping .
a man is outside during a park .
a man jumping down a hill in a park .
a man wearing a shirt on is in the park .
a guy on in park
a man is outside the park
a man in a blue shirt is outdoors .
man is wearing blue shirt .
a man is jumping off a hill .
a man jumps down a hill in a park
a man is on the hill .
a man is jumping up a hill
a guy is jumping up a hill in the park .
a man with a shirt jumps down a hill on a hill .
a man jumps up a hill on a hill .
-----------------------------


a man in a blue shirt , jumping down a hill in a park .
a man is wearing blue
entailment

the man on the hill .
a man with a blue shirt
a man is on the hill .
a little human is riding down a hill .
a man jumps on top of a hill .
a person jumping into a park .
a man in blue shirt jumps down a hill with a shirt on .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping down a hill .
the man is in a park .
a man jumps on a hill .
a guy jumps down a hill
a man jumps down a hill
a man is outdoors jumping on a hill
a man jumps down the hill .
a man in a blue shirt is jumping down a hill .
a man is using a jump .
a man is at the park .
there is a man in the park
a man has his shirt in the park
the man is near a hill .
some men are jumping in a park .
the man is outdoors .
a man jumping his back at a park .
a man with a blue shirt and blue shirt is jumping down a hill in
a man in blue is jumping down a hill .
man is jumping up a hill .
a man performing in front of a hill
-----------------------------


two boys stand in an ocean as the sun sets .
boys are standing
entailment

two kids standing in the water
there are kids in the ocean .
the boys are near the ocean .
two kids are in the ocean .
there are boys in the outdoors .
two boys are standing around the ocean .
two kids are inside a ocean .
two children are dressed .
two boys are near the ocean .
there are boys in water .
two boys play near the water .
the boys are looking down .
two boys in a ocean
they are indoors standing in the water .
the two boys are standing
three kids wait by the ocean
children stand in the water with the water
the boys are outside
there are two boys in the water .
two children are watching water .
two boys are in the ocean .
the boys are watching .
two boys are outside .
two children are in the water .
two kids in a ocean .
they are near the water .
two children in the ocean .
the two boys are oustide .
-----------------------------


two boys stand in an ocean as the sun sets .
the ocean is calm
neutral

the two boys were supposed to be a dog .
the boys are wearing parkas
the boys wearing black shirts are standing in the ocean .
two friends are standing in the ocean with their family .
two boys are being used to get to the sun .
two brothers go out of the ocean
two siblings are getting ready to play a game .
the boys have a birthday party .
two brothers are in the ocean
the boy is wearing shoes
two children are waiting for the sun to see the sun .
two boys are having a celebration outside .
the girls are trying to get to the sun .
the two boys are wearing hats .
two children are having fun together .
two boys are getting ready to play in the ocean .
the boys were brother .
two brothers are all looking at the sun .
the two boys and girls are having a good time .
the two boys wait for the beach to go to the beach .
the two boys wait for the sun at the ocean
an indian boys are getting ready to swim .
-----------------------------


two boys stand in an ocean as the sun sets .
the boys are surfing
neutral

two boys with fallen hair is playing during a warm day .
the boys are about to go swimming together .
two boys are fishing together .
two boys are having fun .
the boys are waiting for something .
two boys are watching the man on the ocean .
the boys are planning a group of people .
the two boys were playing the same direction .
the boys are waiting to board the ocean .
two boys and her son are running sitting in the ocean
two boys are waiting for the sun with the ocean .
two boys are having the fun .
two boys are getting ready to go swimming .
the boys in the ocean were watching the waves in the ocean .
two brothers like the sun shines them on the ocean .
two brothers are outside playing fetch .
-----------------------------


group yoga class exercising .
a group of people holding various positions for a period of time .
neutral

one man gives a new sword for the first time .
the kids are all related .
a group of men are having their company time while their teacher is not on
the men are a farmer .
an american students take an exercise test at work .
a group of men are taking a walk in their living room .
the group of senior abortion are working hard for the first time
a group of boys are playing with their family at the park .
some boys work on a project for the day .
the group of gymnasium student got their job
a group of men are about to go to their home .
the group of men are a long couple .
the group of people are training for a show .
they are talking .
some people are practicing for a show .
a group of teachers racing for the first time
the adults are related .
the adults are women .
the men were competing in a class .
they work at a circus
a man helps a man who fell off .
it is competing at the rodeo
the group is on their way to their mother
-----------------------------


group yoga class exercising .
the yoga group are eating chips and fries .
contradiction

dog walking with his wife
the group of men are talking at work .
some people are participating in an airplane .
adults compete in a pool .
people are in a restaurant watching tv .
one person is digging in the park .
the group of men were eating lunch together .
horse chases a mouse on the street
the dogs were grazing by the group
a group of children running at the park
a bunch of people are taking a nap .
some women are riding bikes in a park .
some of the women is fixing the garage .
the group of men are asleep
a man is drinking tea in a store .
the business personnel talk to an empty audience .
a small group of monkeys is doing tricks .
the business personnel are walking through the park
people are sleeping .
a man is alone in his room
the men are skydiving .
a bunch of girls are sleeping
the group of people are running through the park .
a group of high school students are in an empty room .
a man and a woman are taking a nap on the couch .
a group of men are asleep on the bed .
4 men talk in a business meeting .
a single man is making a sand castle with a crowd .
horse is cooking hamburgers
there is an empty field .
the business personnel are walking through the field
some cats are sitting quietly over a bench
the group of friends play catch
students in a library are running through the park .
the group of people are jogging .
-----------------------------


group yoga class exercising .
half of the yoga group are female .
neutral

five professors are taking a break .
some girls are doing something .
there is a group of friends together .
the men drove for the first time .
the teacher old teacher gives a group of members of the championship
a bunch of guys are having a group of members of a family .
a group of boys are taking their first time to win .
some girls are conducting for a show .
the group is doing a trick in the park .
someone is using off to do later school .
the group of are on their way to work .
their friend just got done .
the events needed for the riders .
musicians are practicing for a show .
it 's a sunny day
the group was taking a break from work on the beach .
some friends are trying to get a car .
several girls are practicing for a performance
the urban group works on the gym for their family 's birthday .
one family is repairing their shoes and a man is helping .
the group of friends work for their wives .
some girls are trying to fix .
team riders worked hard on their lunch break .
-----------------------------


four girls are dancing in matching outfits at a street festival .
the four girls are attending the street festival .
entailment

four girls dance in a festival .
there are women dancing outside .
a group of female dancers are holding a festival
there are four people .
the girls are in a festival .
humans dancing
the girls are performing .
it is a group of people who are making noise .
dancing in a festival .
four girls are performing with dancing .
there are girls dancing .
four girls are enjoying a festival
a group of female dance dance .
there are four girls wearing their dancing .
girls are at a festival .
there are four people at the festival .
four girls are going on a festival .
the girls are performing at a festival .
four girls dance .
four girls are dancing on the street .
some girls are dancing around a festival .
girls together .
some girls are dancing in casual clothing .
the girls are performing a dance
four young girls performing on the street .
4 girls are performing outside .
four girls dance .
four girls are holding a festival .
the girls are by the street .
many people are in the street .
a band performing at a festival .
four girls are having a dancing together .
-----------------------------


four girls are dancing in matching outfits at a street festival .
the four girls are dancing along to the song playing on the loud speaker .
neutral

the girls are enjoying themselves at a festival .
four girls are making their first dance festival .
the girls are famous .
some construction children are dancing at a festival .
the girls are enjoying themselves .
four girls know the festival they just finished .
sisters rehearse poses for a picture .
four girls are performing for the audience .
four ballerinas are on their way home from their festival festival .
the sisters are wearing shirts on .
people at a party
the girls at the festival enjoy their first time at a festival .
four sisters are performing for the audience .
the girls are going down the street to get their job .
the four girls are posing for a photo shoot .
the four girls are showing affection for their friend .
four female dancers are having a good time dance .
four girls are wearing green dresses .
four girls are practicing dance together .
some girls are holding hands and singing in a festival .
four ballerinas are dancing at the festival .
-----------------------------


four girls are dancing in matching outfits at a street festival .
the four girls are playing card games at the table .
contradiction

several girls are sitting down at the street .
girls are swimming in the ocean .
nobody is having fun .
four girls are not wearing hats .
there are no girls in the dance room .
the four girls were eating the street festival .
four boys are dancing .
four ballerinas are in the park watching the street festival .
four girls are playing drums .
four girls are laying on the ground .
girls drinking beer at the bar .
the girls sit in a room .
the men are cooking dinner .
the group of friends perform surgery in their school .
the girls are sleeping .
the girls sat at the local festival .
three girls and three girls are sitting in the grass .
four girls are running in the park
the girls are sitting at home .
a group of boys are playing basketball .
four girls dressed as a clown play a game .
the girls are sitting in the middle of the street .
the girls are asleep in bed .
girls sit down
the four girls are dancing in a park .
a single man is making a new dress for a wedding .
the girls are sitting in class .
four girls are at home sleeping
girls at the beach .
the girls are building a sandcastle .
the girls are sitting on the floor
nobody is holding a bridge .
the girl is inside the festival .
four boys are dancing
four boys are holding hands .
girls at home
-----------------------------


several children are standing with plates full of food under a shelter , watching a man in a purple shirt serving good .
the children are outside playing soccer .
contradiction

the children are playing catch with the man
they are racing horses
a man and a woman are at home in class .
the children play in a river .
some children are at home
there are no men outside eating .
nobody is walking .
the children are watching television
some children are riding with food on a stool .
some children are running through the forest .
the children are sledding in the ocean .
the man and child are in a break sitting .
three children are sleeping
the woman works at a bar .
no one is in the yard
the kids are climbing a ladder .
the woman is applying with her new toys in her hands .
kids in a car get into a car .
the woman is stealing the food .
the men are sitting in the sand sleeping .
the children are drawing a picture .
two children at the park .
the woman and children are outside watching a man climb .
the children are all sitting with the food .
a man is standing with his family in an office building .
nobody is swimming .
everyone are at the bar .
children is looking at a man in a red shirt .
a father watches his children play with a fish .
a girl plays with a man in a front classroom
children are in a empty room .
no one is standing next to the man in purple .
cat are not picking up food .
the children are standing at a beach .
-----------------------------


a child is looking out of a door .
the child is asleep .
contradiction

the kid is playing a game of tennis .
a kid is swimming in a pool
the child is picking up a tree from the tree .
the child is painting a picture .
the child is in a bed
the child does n't know else .
a child is naked in the kitchen .
the kid is looking at the table
the child is climbing a tree
a child is crying
the child is drowning
a child is in the snow .
the boy has no shoes and the boy is waiting .
the child was angry
a boy is cleaning his new bed .
the child is running through the park
the woman is sitting in the classroom watching a movie .
a kid is holding a baseball bat
a girl is playing with a cat .
a child is watching television
the kid slipped the tree .
a kid is jumping into the pool with his friends .
the child is not looking at the door .
a child is looking at a car wash in the park .
a child is dribbling the ball .
a child is playing baseball
the girl is playing the piano .
the child is running
the cat is eating a small bar .
a small child was watching tv .
-----------------------------


a child is looking out of a door .
the door is open .
neutral

a child is looking at the dog in the window .
the child is a professional .
a kid is trying to sell a new carriage .
the child wants to get .
a child is looking at the ocean in the garden .
a child is about to go down the mountain .
a boy with a family looking out of a door .
the child is looking through a door to get a friend .
a young child holds a door to look at his son .
a child holds his son on a trip
a child looks out of a door with a new new door .
someone is at her friends 's house .
a child looks for its favorite
a child is getting married for a group of people .
a little girl is looking out the window
the sad kid is looking at the door .
the child is looking at his friend .
a child looks into the window with his mother .
a little boy is surrounded by a door
a child wearing his brother stands in the house .
the child is a professional .
the child is looking at the child .
the child is studying outdoors .
the child is wearing a shirt
the child watching his dog play on the door .
the child is making a lot of fun .
a child is trying to find his dog .
someone is getting ready to plant a door .
the child gets ready to leave his base .
the child is wearing a black shirt .
-----------------------------


a child is looking out of a door .
there is a door .
entailment

the child is outdoors .
a kid is looking at the door
a little kid is holding up a door .
there is a child outside looking out the door .
an adult and child are outside in the picture .
a young child is pointing out a door
a child is with a drawing .
a kid is pointing at a door
a kid is looking up the door .
a child looks out the window .
a child is examining his doorway in a door .
two people hanging out
a child is look at something .
a child pointing something wet .
a child is pointing out the door
a child is pointing a door
a kid looks at the door .
a child looking at the door
a child looks out of door
a young child is looking into a door
two people are looking .
a child looks out the door .
a kid is standing on a door .
the child is looking .
a child is admiring something on the door .
the kid is looking at the door
a child is viewing .
a child is outdoors .
-----------------------------


a boy in a baseball cap jumps over a flight of stairs .
a boy jumping through the air .
entailment

a boy is wet .
the boy is active
the boy gets wet .
a boy is performing on a stairs .
a boy jumps over stairs .
the boy is jumping over stairs .
a boy is jumping off some stairs .
a boy performing on the stairs .
a boy and a boy are outdoors .
a boy is near the stairs .
a boy is outdoors .
a boy is jumping on a stairs .
the boy is on the stairs .
a child is jumping from the stairs .
a child spins into stairs .
the boy is in the air .
the boy is on the stairs .
a boy is on the stairs .
there is a child jumping up the stairs .
a boy and a boy jumping rope .
a boy is going across the stairs .
on an outdoor game a boy .
a kid uses the board while climbing a stairs .
the boy is on the stairs .
a kid is jumping from stairs .
the boy swings over the stairs .
a boy jumping over a board on stairs .
-----------------------------


a boy in a baseball cap jumps over a flight of stairs .
a guy swimming in the pool .
contradiction

a boy is playing in a pool .
a boy is going on his bed .
a boy is sitting on the couch watching his boy play .
a kid is sitting on the couch .
a boy is inside .
a girl is not having fun in the baseball stadium .
a boy is sitting down outside .
the man is standing on the floor .
dog sleeping in a bed
a dog is dead
a girl is standing still watching the boy .
a boy is sunbathing inside the window .
a boy is swimming in a pool of drinks and drinks .
a boy is lying on the stairs
the boy is sitting on the skateboard getting ready to go .
a boy is at the beach .
the boy is sitting still at home .
the boy is flying a kite .
he is swimming
a boy rests on the beach .
a girl is playing soccer
a boy in a cap is in a movie theater .
a boy is sleeping on the stairs in the park .
the dog is sitting quietly in the grass .
a boy is petting his pet basket .
a girl is dancing in the street
a boy is watching tv
a boy is lying down for his ride .
a boy is watching a football game .
the boy in the baseball cap is sitting and watching a baseball game .
the boy is sitting in his room .
the boy is on a chair .
a boy is running down the stairs .
a boy drives on a car .
the boy is sitting in a tree .
a boy is on the beach
the boy is sitting in the snow .
a boy in a baseball cap plays a game of basketball .
-----------------------------


a boy in a baseball cap jumps over a flight of stairs .
a guy inside .
neutral

the boy is a boy
a boy is good and playing a game .
a boy is hitting the stairs to a child .
a boy is having a good time in a game .
a boy is having fun at the park .
the boy is going get ready to swim .
a little boy jumping over the stairs during the day .
a little boy jumping on stairs to the park .
a child plays baseball during the local park .
a boy performs as his team mates for the first time
a boy is going to his vacation
a boy is on the roof playing his competition .
a boy is getting ready to jumping .
a boy is jumping on stairs to the pool .
a little boy with a baseball cap is on the stairs for a photo .
the back of the boy is a track team .
a boy had just fell off the stairs .
a boy is trying to win a competition
a boy is going to hit a baseball
a young boy getting off a blue team
the boy is a teacher .
a boy is showing off a stairs in a tournament .
a boy is making a new game
a boy smiles while in a baseball team
a young boy jumping over stairs at the gym .
a boy is jumping over a hole on his way home .
the boy is sweating at work .
a boy laughs as he jumps over stairs .
the boy is twirling his pet .
-----------------------------


a man is sitting in on the side of the street with brass pots .
a man is playing with the brass pots
neutral

the man is seeking of the jewelry .
the person is praying for something .
the man is old
a tall human sitting
an elderly man is in the street .
a man is waiting for a train .
the man is bored about something .
a man is about to his lunch in the town .
a man is getting ready to eat a meal for his family .
the man is taking a break from work .
the work is taking a break
sad man sits in the street to get home
a tall human is standing in the middle of the street .
a man waits for his wife to finish his work
a man is relaxing in his car on the side of the street
a well dressed man is sitting in the street eating lunch .
a professional man is getting ready to go on the bus .
the man is working hard
someone is checking the pieces of pottery .
the man sitting on the side of the street is very good .
the man is wearing jeans .
a man is working on his job for the day .
a soldier is working for the city .
a man is talking on a bench in a parade .
the man is getting ready to go get nothing .
-----------------------------


a man is sitting in on the side of the street with brass pots .
a man is sitting .
entailment

the man is sitting .
there is a man by the pillars .
a man is sitting down in front of some pieces .
a man is in front of some pieces .
the man is outside next to the street .
a man is sitting .
a man is sitting .
the man is sitting in the street .
man holds a street .
a man is seated .
the person is outside .
the man is outside .
a man is sitting outside the streets .
a guy is sitting on the street with some metal pieces of pottery .
a man is seated by some pieces of pottery .
-----------------------------


a man is sitting in on the side of the street with brass pots .
a man does not have brass pots
contradiction

man riding a skateboard on the street
the man is running
a woman making a hat on the street .
a man is relaxing in the park .
a man sits in front of some kettle vegetables .
the woman is sitting in the street .
a man watches a movie
a man is at a party in the park .
the man is sitting quietly in his room .
a man is playing with a white ball of wood .
a man sits on the ground and throwing the shoes at the street .
the woman is standing in a field .
a young woman is playing drums
the man sleeps in his bed .
a man is inside playing with his friends .
a woman is having a good time .
a man is sleeping on the bench while playing the piano .
a girl is playing the piano on the street .
a woman is looking at the night machine .
the man is running through a field .
a man is walking to his apartment
a man tries to get a drink from the water
a woman is sitting on the couch .
a girl is standing up .
the man is sitting in a church near the water .
a man is skiing down the hill .
a woman and some petunias is eating breakfast .
a young girl in a white and white structure playing the piano .
the woman is sitting inside
the woman sits on the bench .
a man is taking his wife on a boat .
-----------------------------


a woman is using clothespins to hang up laundry outside on a laundry line .
a woman is folding her washed laundry .
contradiction

a man is putting out food at a store
a woman is with a cat .
woman is taking off .
a woman is sitting by the fire .
a woman is reading the paper .
a woman bikes to work .
a dog is riding a bike through the park .
a woman is taking a nap
a girl is drawing pictures .
a guy is reading a book on the bench .
a lady is cooking for her family .
a woman in the laundry has reading a book .
the woman is walking
the woman with drinks is drinking tea at the bar .
the woman shopping for shoes .
a women bench into a laundry machine .
a young woman is reading on the couch .
a little boy asleep in bed .
a woman is making pretzels on the street .
the woman is driving .
a woman is taking pictures of the dog in the park .
a man is playing with his family
woman sleeping on the couch .
a woman at the park
a group of older people walk on the beach .
a man is sitting down on a bench
a woman reading a book to a child .
a woman is watching tv
a woman is reading in her bed .
a girl is fishing .
the man is waiting on his friend .
this man is studying for a test
the woman sat by the shopping cart .
-----------------------------


a woman is using clothespins to hang up laundry outside on a laundry line .
a woman is hanging her laundry in the sun .
neutral

she is a professional lady .
the woman works for her laundry .
a tall woman with her hands is scratching .
the woman is a mechanic .
a woman fixes her new for her lunch break .
she is going to work
a woman is about to make a new laundry .
a woman watches her husband sit down .
a woman is preparing the subway for her new party .
she is going to look for it
a woman cleans her laundry with her family .
the woman is riding to work .
someone is an a class
a woman is preparing to make a lot of money
the girl is getting ready for work for her family .
a lady with her laundry for her boyfriend
a woman in the shop just works for a job
a woman is about to use her laundry from the store .
a woman is taking her laundry for a job project .
a woman is trying to sell
the woman is a famous .
an attractive woman is putting on makeup .
a woman wears her new items for her family .
the woman is thinking about herself
the woman at the laundry pile is eating lunch .
-----------------------------


a woman is using clothespins to hang up laundry outside on a laundry line .
a woman is taking care of her laundry .
entailment

a girl is on the laundry .
the woman is using a furniture outside .
there is a woman pouring laundry .
the woman is working .
there is a woman around .
someone is eating outside .
a woman puts on makeup .
a woman is using a laundry .
a female is outside to get some food .
a woman is putting something into a laundry line .
the woman is wearing jewelry .
someone is holding a laundry onto around the laundry .
a woman is preparing food .
a woman cleans her laundry .
a woman is on the laundry bed .
woman is in the laundry .
a lady is using a laundry line .
someone is moving her laundry
someone is cleaning the laundry .
a female is fixing a laundry line .
a woman cuts up furniture .
the woman is working with a laundry .
-----------------------------


a dog reaches to catch a ball with its mouth .
the dog is playing with a ball .
entailment

the dog looks through the air .
a dog leaps after a ball
a dog jumps at the ball .
a dog picks a ball
a dog is playing with a ball
a dog playing with a ball .
there is a dog with a ball .
the animal was on the ball .
the animal moves something to something in the air .
a dog is pointing into the air .
the dog is wet .
a dog catches something .
the dog is playing .
a dog jumping to catch the ball
the dog catches a ball in his mouth .
a dog is catching the ball .
a dog is making something to something .
a dog was playing with a ball .
a dog with a ball is playing .
a dog was playing with a ball .
the treat is outdoors .
the dog catches the ball .
a dog with something it is chasing something .
a dog catches a ball .
a dog is holding a ball .
the dog catches a ball
-----------------------------


a dog reaches to catch a ball with its mouth .
the dog is brown .
neutral

a puppy is holding a ball in its mouth .
the dog is a german .
a dog catches his ball in the air to his dog .
the dog looks for a ball to his owner .
the dog loves agility .
a small dog jumps a ball into a large ball .
a black dog does n't have a ball in his mouth .
a dog catches a ball and hits a ball to catch the ball .
a dog about to feed the owner .
the dog is searching for its mouth .
a black dog is trying to catch a ball
a dog wearing a blue and blue runs into a ball
a dog plays with his owner toy .
a dog looks to jump in his mouth to his owner .
a dog is running to catch the ball to his owner .
the black dog is giving a ball .
the animal will be seen at the park .
a dog just finished his food .
a big dog participates for a ball to his owner
a dog wearing a uniform is playing with his owner
a dog looks to be thrown by a ball to his owner
a dog catches the ball in a stick to his owner .
the dog is a labrador .
the animal was playing with his owner .
a dog is playing with its owner
a dog is chasing the ball to its owner .
-----------------------------


a dog reaches to catch a ball with its mouth .
the dog is playing with a rope .
contradiction

the dog is not holding a ball .
the animal can not find the ball .
the dog is sitting still .
a dog asleep in the corner
the dog 's dog is watching tv .
the dog swims across the moon .
the dog ate a bone
a cat has an animal .
a cat is peeing by his mouth .
a dog is chasing a mouse .
a cat plays with a ball .
a cat picks up a ball .
a dog is chasing a child down the street .
the black dog sits on the board board treat .
a cat catches a ball at the beach .
dog drinking milk
a cat sits and looking in a tree .
a cat is about to catch a ball .
girl runs from the ball
a cat is catching an animal while his owner looks on .
a dog walks towards its owner .
a man and his dog are swimming in a lake .
the dog eating ice cream .
the cat rests out the window .
a cat catches a ball
a cat is taking a bath in his backyard .
a dog plays with a cat
-----------------------------


a young boy is sitting in a green tunnel
a girl is sitting
contradiction

the little boy is eating at a restaurant .
a boy in a blue shirt is crying because he is scared .
the young boy sits in his room .
a boy is riding a horse in a field .
the girl is indoors
a child plays a video game .
the children are sleeping
there is a lion in the middle of the road .
the boy is sitting in the park .
the young boy is riding a skateboard .
a kid sitting in a blue tunnel .
nobody is near
the boy is sitting in his bed .
a boy sitting on his couch at a park .
a young boy is sitting in the sand .
a boy is painting the street of a building .
the young boy is sitting on a bench .
the boy is walking .
a boy is riding a bike
the boy is sleeping under the tree .
a young boy walks down a tunnel while he is driving .
the boy is sitting in a recliner
the boy is not sitting
the young boy is running on the street .
a boy is inside the house
the young girl is on the train .
the young girl sits in a blue tunnel .
a boy is playing a game of baseball .
cat sits on the beach
a boy sunbathes in a field .
a young girl in his hair is sleeping .
a boy is learning how to cook in the living room .
a young woman is lying on the bridge .
young boy is standing outside a concrete .
a boy is asleep in his bed .
a boy is taking his lunch in a plane .
a young boy is sitting on a couch .
a boy is running in a field in the park .
-----------------------------


a young boy is sitting in a green tunnel
the boy is wearing a green shirt
neutral

a young boy is just taking a bath with his friends .
a boy is having fun .
a young boy is sitting on the rope to get to his friend .
a boy sits with his father and a black tunnel .
a boy is reading the paper while sitting .
a boy is watching a sunrise .
the boy is tall
a boy is taking a nap .
a young boy in a green tunnel is trying to get a bird .
the little boy waiting in line for his first time .
the boy is a purebred .
the boy is taking a nap .
the boy is spying in a tunnel reading a book .
the boy is looking for a toy
a boy is sitting in a park with their friends in the sand .
a boy is sitting down in his school yard .
a young boy is thinking about his day .
a young boy is waiting to get into a blue tunnel .
a boy is having fun at the same time .
the boy is wearing jeans .
the boy is waiting for his friend .
a boy is waiting for his mother to finish in a tunnel .
a young boy is trying to get a sweet off of a bridge .
boy went his way in a green tunnel
a boy on his way to work
the boy likes to go .
-----------------------------


a young boy is sitting in a green tunnel
the boy is sitting
entailment

a young person is next to a small tunnel
a young boy outside
a boy and his boy are outside .
a young boy is outside .
the young boy is outside .
a boy is near a stream .
there is a boy sits in a tunnel
a boy in a green tunnel .
a young kid sitting .
an human standing .
a child sits in the tunnel .
a child is outdoors
-----------------------------


the little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street .
the boy is walking across the field with his dog .
contradiction

a small boy is riding a skateboard .
a little boy is sleeping in bed
the little boy is laying down
a boy is making an airplane .
a boy is sleeping on the street alone .
the boy is cooking dinner .
the boy is sitting at home
the boy is on a bench looking away .
a boy is taking a nap on the beach .
a little boy is in his garden .
the little boy sits on the couch watching the baseball game .
the little boy sits still .
the little boy is kicking up a ball in the ocean .
the little boy is in a boat
the little boy is laying in the grass .
the boy is standing in the pool .
a boy was crying on the street .
the boy is lying down on the bench .
the little boy eats a sandwich .
the boy is sitting on the couch .
the two children are sitting down in the street
a little boy is swimming in the ocean
the little boy 's ears are in the field .
the child is diving on a dog .
the boy is indoors .
the boy is building a snowman .
a young man is riding on the beach .
a boy is on the street eating a dog .
the little boy is holding a book in the street .
a little boy eats a desert .
little boy is napping on the beach .
a little boy is playing with a cat .
a little girl is riding her bike on the sidewalk
a boy is having a picnic in the park
the little boy is laying down .
the boy is fishing .
the boy is standing up
someone is sitting on the couch .
boys are eating cookies .
a boy is dancing
two boys are fighting in the morning .
a boy 's mother is brother and is sitting down .
-----------------------------


the little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street .
the boy is getting dirty as he plays in the muddy puddles .
neutral

he is racing his first time
the boy in the bathing suit is playing with a toy .
the boy is pretending on the street .
the boy is exercising for his family .
a boy playing with his friends
little child is laughing at someone
boy going to hit his son
a boy is trying to get a bath in a puddle .
the little boy makes his shirt while the boy is wearing shorts .
a young boy jumping into the water with his friends .
a little boy is getting ready to go swimming .
a little boy is being chased by a small puddle
a boy jumping into the puddle to play with his friends .
the little boy is playing with the ball .
the little boy is exercising his time .
a little boy was happy
a boy gets his first time in a swim competition .
a boy is jump into the puddle to get to his house .
the little boy is a good .
-----------------------------


the little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street .
the boy is outside .
entailment

there is a small boy .
a young boy is jumping into a puddle .
a boy is swinging outside
a boy is outside .
the boy is going into a puddle .
there is a child jumping in a puddle .
the boy is jumping at the puddle .
small child is in the street .
a kid is performing at an object .
little boy is jumping into a puddle .
a little boy jumping in a puddle .
a boy is holding a puddle .
someone is jumping
a child is wet
a little boy is jumping on the street .
the little boy was outside .
a boy is outside
-----------------------------


four young men sit on the floor close to a television that is showing elmo from sesame street .
four males are sitting indoors .
entailment

some guys sit on the floor floor
four people in front of a tv while a photographer watches .
five young men are on the floor .
four young men are on the floor .
a young man on the floor .
four men sit on the floor outside .
there was a man sitting down .
young people sitting on the floor
four young men are outside .
four people are outside .
four men sit on the floor of an authentic building .
four young men are sitting on the floor
four young men are outside on the floor .
young men outdoors
five men are sitting on the floor
four young people sit on the floor .
four happy men are outside on a floor .
four people sit outside with a tv .
-----------------------------


four young men sit on the floor close to a television that is showing elmo from sesame street .
four males are playing out in the yard .
contradiction

four young men are sitting on the beach
3 men are walking along a street
the four men are lying on the floor .
four young woman are sitting on the bench in the park .
friends are running through the forest
men sit in an airplane .
a band sits in the sand and are fighting .
four women stand on the floor .
four boys stand on the floor with a dance floor .
the four women were talking to a show .
the women are sitting .
the women are sitting down for a break .
six young men are reading a book .
some girls are in a field .
the friends are playing hopscotch .
the women are sitting on the floor .
four young men standing on the floor next to a tv .
a group of kids are learning to ride a skateboard .
the boys are standing up in a gym .
four people are watching a movie in the school .
the men stand on the floor in the yard .
four men are sitting on the ground playing in the park .
four friends are swimming in a lake .
four women running around the street .
young men sit in a bar .
four people are playing running .
a few men were standing under the field at a concert .
the men sit in a hotel .
four young men are dancing .
-----------------------------


four young men sit on the floor close to a television that is showing elmo from sesame street .
four males are sitting indoors because it 's raining .
neutral

four guys are talking on the floor .
the group of young men are watching a movie show .
seven young people are writing to a tv .
a group of men are enjoying the day on the floor .
four friends are having a conversation on a large street and they are full of
four young men and one boy are having a conversation .
four men are sitting on the floor watching the tv show on their children .
four young men work on a large street to get home .
four men are working on a project .
four young people are waiting for a friend .
friends are at the tv show .
the men are talking to the same restaurant .
men are getting their love done with the tv .
four young men are on the floor with a tv in a party .
six men are having a large fight with a friends .
four friends are getting ready to eat
some guys are enjoying the day in a park .
some friends are talking to their friends .
four men are getting their picture taken for a magazine
four friends in a street corner and laughing .
the men are having fun
young men are enjoying the day while running on a floor .
four young men are sitting on the floor watching tv .
the men are wearing shorts
-----------------------------


dinner and decisions , with the crew .
the crew all ate lunch alone
contradiction

the women were sitting on the bench
a man is helping his parents from a fire .
five people are in a canoe park .
the men did not have any food .
a boy playing with his dog .
chef is drinking tea in the kitchen .
the day is empty
a storm makes a young and woman to go shopping .
the construction workers will not see a fire .
the dogs are taking a shower .
the zombies is swimming in the water .
a woman and her dog are taking a nap .
the group of people are eating lunch .
the cook is serving .
the group of people are eating dinner inside .
five women are on a farm .
a ship is inside of the tree .
they have no shoes
a group of boys are watching television .
the couple is barbecuing at the diner .
the women are cooking on the kitchen floor .
the construction workers are standing in the field .
a group of people are in the desert .
the man is sitting down in a room with his hands to eat .
a picture contains a woman dancing .
a group of friends play football on the sidewalk .
the sunset will be no day at the beach .
-----------------------------


dinner and decisions , with the crew .
the crew was celebrating a birthday
neutral

they got married .
the rooftop has been married
the couple was enjoying the day
they are celebrating .
the woman is working at a restaurant .
it 's a sunny day and the crew are preparing .
it 's time and the day are working for the day .
friends eat a meal for the day
the day is a man .
the woman was having a conversation about the day of the day .
this is a sunny day
someone is preparing for the wedding .
the cold day are having an family 's day .
the group are taking a break from their lunch break
the ship played is about the day .
a girl eats a meal for her family .
the crew is old .
the breakfast is cold up for the wedding .
one child enjoys the dinner
the group of friends are celebrating their family .
the couple are preparing for a wedding .
the weather is cold
friends takes a dinner party .
someone is getting a order of a cake
the man and women are using their break and eating .
there are a lot of friends
-----------------------------


dinner and decisions , with the crew .
the crew was having dinner
entailment

there are four humans cooking
someone is near the body .
the smoke drinks all are indoors .
there are people eating
the group of people are cooking .
there are people indoors cooking .
the crew of the crew are working .
the dogs are doing something
-----------------------------


woman wearing a white donkey costume while talking to a man .
a woman is dancing near a fire .
contradiction

a man rides a car at an event .
the couple is watching a woman ride a bus .
a man is playing a game of skateboard .
a woman in a black suit waving a man to work .
the man is eating his child at home .
a woman is holding a beer
the woman is watching a movie at home .
woman are wearing purple dolphin dog .
the woman is sitting down with her donkey .
a woman and woman sit in the middle of the field .
a woman is dancing with the man 's birthday .
a woman and a man are talking to a woman going on a plane .
a woman never had a conversation .
a woman is wearing a green costume and a man .
two girls are going to the local .
the man is talking on the phone .
the woman is sitting and watching the man ride a car
no one is mute at the woman .
the woman is wearing a green costume .
the woman wearing a green horse costume is a woman .
a woman in a black suit talks to her husband on the bus
a man is sitting at home .
the woman is watching television .
a man eats a sandwich .
a woman with a white pot on a sunny day .
the woman is going to sleep .
the woman dressed in a black suit is smiling .
a man is flying an animal
a boy is taking a shortcut of his dog .
the woman is walking home .
-----------------------------


woman wearing a white donkey costume while talking to a man .
a woman is wearing a halloween costume .
neutral

the woman is laughing to the man .
two woman are going to their dinner .
the man is enjoying the woman 's pet carriage .
woman shows her man about to walk
the woman is talking about the man .
the woman and the man are waiting for the bus .
a tall person in a costume
the woman is white
the woman talks to her husband .
the woman is having a good time .
woman working with the man on the street
a woman is showing her granddaughter to the other man .
a woman is asian and the man is a singer .
a young woman talking to a man .
the person is wearing sunglasses .
the woman is talking to her husband .
the woman is old .
-----------------------------


woman wearing a white donkey costume while talking to a man .
a woman is wearing strange clothing .
entailment

the man is wearing a costume .
the woman is wearing facial .
a woman is talking to the man as a woman .
a woman has tattoos hair .
the woman and the man are going together .
a woman speaks to a man .
several women are being held by a woman .
there is a woman in a photo .
a woman dressed in white
woman talking with a person .
a woman and man are talking .
the woman and man are .
a woman talking to a man
the man and woman are in a protective costume .
many person is talking .
a woman is talking to another man .
-----------------------------


a boy and a girl in jackets gaze in a clothing store window .
two kids are looking for something to purchase for mothers day .
neutral

two girls and a girl are wearing friends .
the boy and girl were just finished their first place .
a girl is trying to make a book in a store .
the girl and her friends just got married .
a boy and girl hold family stands at the store .
the boy is going to get his picture .
the boy and girl are in their clothing after a long day .
a boy and a girl are in a store window for their friend 's clothing
the boy and girl are getting their picture taken .
a boy and girl are smiling as they looking at a store .
a boy is learning about the new new store .
the children and the boy are just taking a nap .
-----------------------------


a boy and a girl in jackets gaze in a clothing store window .
two kids are flying on a hovercraft .
contradiction

two people in green jackets and their clothes are running .
a boy looks at a blue dress .
a group of children are indoors watching television .
three boys are at a bar .
three people are in their backyard glasses .
the boy cooks his food .
a boy and a boy are swimming in a pool .
the girl is running in front of her son .
there are two children running a marathon .
dog and girl in the kitchen .
the girl is sitting in the middle of the house .
the boy and girl is sitting in the shop .
a boy and girl play with a dog in the park .
two people are looking at a river they 're bad .
the two people are walking to the store .
the boy is sitting in a church .
the boy and girl are in a restaurant .
a boy and girl are kneeling in the snow .
the girls are walking in the park
the children and the boy are running away .
the child is sitting in the grass .
the boy is driving a toy
there is no one one girl .
the man is sitting on a beach .
the boy and girl are in a church .
the boy and girl are walking along the window .
the boy is sleeping on the subway store .
a boy is in a living room .
some kids stand in the store watching a movie at the theater .
a girl and boy are in class
a father and girl are biking in the park .
a man and his daughter are riding bikes .
the boy and girl are driving to the store
the boy is resting on the couch .
three kids in jeans sleeping .
there are no men .
a boy and girl are swimming in a store .
-----------------------------


a boy and a girl in jackets gaze in a clothing store window .
two kids are looking in a store window .
entailment

the people in jeans .
the couple is near a store .
an older person and a girl in jackets standing in a store .
a boy and girl are in his store .
there is people with a boy .
an photo of a boy and a girl .
a bunch of people are wearing jackets .
a boy and girl are in front of a store .
the group is near a window .
a boy and girl are outdoors .
a man and girl are outside a window .
two children are posing .
the boy and girl is posing .
a little boy and girl in jackets are being photographed .
there are two children and one boy in the store .
a boy and girl are standing in a store .
two people
a boy and a girl are outdoors .
a boy and girl are in front of a store .
a boy and girl are sitting in a store .
there are children wearing jackets and one one is sitting .
the boy and girl are in front of a store .
a boy and girl are wearing matching .
there are people outdoors .
the group of children are indoors .
there are two people and a person .
the boy takes girl
the boy and girl are outdoors in a window .
a boy and girl are in front of a store .
-----------------------------


people dressed in costumes walking down a street .
humans wearing clothes on the street .
entailment

there is a group dressed nicely .
there are females in costumes .
the people are wearing costumes .
a people in costumes
people are by the street .
people are walking in a street .
people in a costumes walk down the street .
a bunch of people dressed in costumes .
one same is going outside .
a crowd of people dressed in costumes are walking .
several people are walking in costumes .
people walking around a street .
people are wearing costumes .
they are wearing costumes
people dressed in costumes are walking down a street .
people wearing costumes are standing outside of the street .
people pose in a street .
people walk in costumes .
there are people in costume .
the people have dressed dressed .
people are walking up the street .
people are wearing costumes and enjoying the street .
some people in costumes are walking .
some people in costumes dressed in costumes walking down a street
they are in costumes .
humans in a street
people dressed in costumes are walking .
there are multiple people near the street .
there are people in costumes
a group of people wearing costumes are walking down a street .
people in costumes .
people dressed in costumes
-----------------------------


people dressed in costumes walking down a street .
a naked man walking down the street .
contradiction

people are in the classroom .
the people were wearing a suit and dress .
a group of people dressed as friends are sitting on a street .
black people dressed in costumes for a movie theater .
the people are dancing outside .
the people are not wearing costumes
a man and a woman are at a gym .
a group of people are playing .
two people wearing pink are sitting on the street .
the people are not wearing costumes
people are swimming in the sea
a man is ready to go on the pool .
the two people were on a bike .
people are hiding jumping .
many people eating ice cream
a group of indians walk in a park for their lunch .
no people are dancing in the park .
the group of people hate their people at the local party .
people are dressed as a clown .
a boy in costumes is sitting on the street .
people running home from work .
the people are not wearing costumes .
the man is sleeping
a group of people is watching tv in the living room .
dogs play at the park .
people are riding their bikes .
a group of black people are at the park .
folks playing at the park .
people are indoors watching .
people are riding a train
one girl is relaxing alone .
a bunch of people in costumes are watching a movie .
the people are indoors eating .
a man eats his child in a car .
the people are bored at the job .
the workers are walking in the woods .
-----------------------------


people dressed in costumes walking down a street .
people dressed up in costumes preparing to rob a house .
neutral

the people are wearing costumes for the night .
the shirt is just finished present .
crowd a woman celebrating a birthday
the people are a married .
some girls are dressed up for a date .
the people have been shopping for their children .
the men are heading to the bar .
there are people who are dressed for halloween
the people are nervous about work .
two people are walking towards a large crowd .
people are going to work in a bright costume .
the group of people is part of an intense wedding .
a bunch of friend and are dressed up for a halloween party .
there are people wearing costumes for the day and have a party .
some people dressed in costumes are walking to work .
a group of people dressed in costumes are walking to work .
the people have a costume on their way to work .
people are wearing halloween costumes on the street .
the people are going in trip
they are a girl .
people are posing in front of a large crowd .
several people are dressed up for a party .
the people are building a bridge for a wedding .
the people are all best friends .
some people wearing costumes are getting ready for a date
people are carrying a wave .
the people are going to an annual 's .
the people wearing costumes are waiting for a bus .
-----------------------------


a person in a blue plaid shirt is writing on a chalkboard .
the person is reading a book .
contradiction

everyone is riding a bicycle .
the person is lying on a couch .
a man is putting wood on the street .
a person sits on the bench while watching tv .
a young man is riding his bike .
the person is laying on the beach .
a girl is wearing a black shirt .
a person is watching tv
a lady is walking down the street .
a woman is sleeping in bed at the doctors office .
the woman is walking
an man in blue shirt sleeps in the park .
a person is asleep outside .
the person is driving in a car .
a guy is playing an instrument
a person having lunch with his family on the bench .
a child is getting a book .
a person is eating a child at a park .
the person is reading a book .
a woman is cooking .
one person is playing with a towel .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting in the park .
a young male is on a couch .
a dog eats a pizza .
a white shirt is taking a break .
the person is in a swimming pool .
a person is hammering knives in a classroom .
the person is sleeping by the fire .
a person in a blue suit sitting on a piano turns .
-----------------------------


a person in a blue plaid shirt is writing on a chalkboard .
the person is wearing blue jeans .
neutral

a man is ignoring at a concert
a professor with their hands on a chalkboard .
a female is showing their for a very reading .
the person is old
a person is fixing the paper on the chalkboard of the chalkboard .
a teacher is reading a book for the class .
a man is reading about a book .
the person is old .
a man is giving a presentation on a chalkboard
a man shows the for the party .
a young woman is reading a book .
a man in a blue plaid shirt is hammering a new project .
the person is ready for an lost dog .
a female is taking a break from work .
the person is waiting for a bus has been working on a project .
a man is giving a speech to his wife .
someone is calling his job for the first time .
the teacher is checking something .
the person on a project looks for a man 's shirt .
a man is using a chalkboard while sitting on a chalkboard
a professor is speaking to a woman on the break from the notes .
the person is checking for a drawing .
a person is having a book time on a birthday .
a person is having an exam in the park .
-----------------------------


a person in a blue plaid shirt is writing on a chalkboard .
the person is writing on the chalk board .
entailment

a human is drawing
a person uses the books on the chalkboard
a person in a striped shirt working on a conversation .
a human is looking .
a person is standing .
someone in a blue shirt is watching a person on a chalkboard .
a human is showing off a chalkboard .
a person is having a discussion together .
a person writing on a chalkboard
someone is talking on the chalkboard .
someone in blue
a person is making on a chalkboard .
a person is reading something on a chalkboard .
the person with a shirt is writing .
a person is learning .
someone is sitting on a chalkboard .
-----------------------------


this mother and her daughter and granddaughter are having car trouble , and the poor little girl looks hot out in the heat .
the family is driving safe and sound while the little girl is asleep .
contradiction

a man and his daughter are watching tv .
the woman and her daughter are sleeping alone .
a woman and her daughter are feeding the cookies
the father looks at his daughter .
a mother and daughter eating ice cream from the fountain .
the father looks at a child is eating .
the dad and his daughter are playing with the mud soap .
the children are in the shower .
the dad and his mother are swimming at the beach .
the grandfather and his family are relaxing at the beach .
the mom and father are at home .
the mom is at home sleeping
the little girl is reading her hair in the mud .
the kids are surfing in the ocean .
the man is taking his father and his father are crying .
the children are lying in the woods .
a woman with her daughter in the moonlight
a little girl and her daughter are watching fireworks .
a little mother breaks the boy into the water .
there are no children watching the television .
the young black has a in a bathing suit is sleeping on the sofa .
the father is admiring his brother 's car .
the family looks out the window .
the father and his daughter are enjoying the day in the desert .
a father and his mother are playing on the grass in the moonlight .
a father and son are watching tv while a couple .
the mother is the her mother playing poker .
a little girl and her mother are playing a game of xbox .
the woman and her daughter are sleeping at the kitchen table .
the two adults are all looking at the stars .
the father is naked and looking at the stars .
the father and his father are sitting in a living room .
the father looks at a snowman .
-----------------------------


this mother and her daughter and granddaughter are having car trouble , and the poor little girl looks hot out in the heat .
the car that belongs to the family is having issues .
entailment

the woman and the children are outdoors .
there are other people smoking .
a little girl watches something .
a little girl is showing off her older girl .
there is a little girl with a child
-----------------------------


a large group of people are gathered outside of a brick building lit with spotlights .
the building is made of logs .
contradiction

the people are sitting down relaxing .
there are people sleeping
a group of kids are taking a break .
the large group of people were sitting in the city .
the large group of people do n't know what what they are .
a group of people are setting in a field .
there are people playing a slot game .
a bunch of people is dancing on the sidewalk in a park .
several people are sitting in the gym
people are indoors .
the people are not looking .
a group of people were watching a house
no one is in the picture
the people are at work .
a dog is alone
the people are standing in a field .
the city view of people are empty .
the man is at the concert .
a group of people are inside watching tv
the people are sitting in a chair .
the people are sitting on a bench .
the people are cooking in the kitchen
the group of five are asleep on the floor .
a group of people are watching television in the living room .
a large group of people stand around a fire .
the group of people are in a field .
a bunch of people sit in a large building and sits the building .
two cats in a park playing with a ball .
people playing a video game .
-----------------------------


a large group of people are gathered outside of a brick building lit with spotlights .
the building is brick .
entailment

the brick building was taken of .
a group of people are together
people work in a building .
the people are gathered .
a bunch of people are at a building .
a group of people are on the building .
a lot of people are standing next to a building .
a large group of people are standing .
a group of people are in the picture .
many people
the people were standing
a group of people are behind the building .
the people are at something
the group of people are outside a building .
a large group of people and a picture of a building .
a group of people are gathered with pictures .
people are outdoors
a large group of people sitting in front of a brick building
a group of people were standing outside .
a large group of people in the picture are watching people .
a group of people are gathered outside the building .
people are standing around outside .
some people are near a building
some people stand outside of a building
people in a building are sort .
people lined in a building
several people are gathered around outside .
a group of people are hanging out .
a bunch of people are gathered together
someone is in the air at a building .
the large group of people are standing next to a building .
the crowd of people next to the building
a group of people are lined up on a brick building .
there is a large group of people .
people are standing around a brick building .
many people are gathered outside of a building .
people are outside a building .
the people are gathered in a building
-----------------------------


a large group of people are gathered outside of a brick building lit with spotlights .
the people are going to a concert .
neutral

a small group of people are getting ready to enter a brick building .
the group of people are waiting for an upcoming large crowd .
they are outside waiting to board .
people are going to the church
the group of people are at a party having a meeting .
several people are at a building tour .
the people are making a project .
a large group of people stand in a building waiting for a bus .
the people in the picture is getting ready to eat for dinner .
the people all are looking for the bus .
a group of people are going to buy from the building .
the people are making funny faces
there is a large group they lost .
a bunch of people standing near a brick building for a sale for the day
two friends walk through the city waiting to go to the store .
a small group of people wait for the bus to open for the day .
the picture for a lot of new york .
the group of people were having fun in the building
some musicians are taking a picture of the large new building .
an large group of people are waiting for a bus at the building .
people are crossing a city street .
a group of people lined up for a party .
a bunch of people are talking about a fire in a building .
a group of people are having a meeting on the building .
a group of people have to buy their dinner .
-----------------------------


a man plays the french horn as his pianist plays the supporting melody on stage .
two people are playing an instruments on stage .
entailment

the man is singing a song on stage .
a person plays music on a stage .
a guy and his drummer are playing music on stage .
the man is playing a concert .
there is a man playing an instrument .
a human play in the stage .
a human is holding something .
a person stands on stage singing on stage
the man is making a singer .
the man is singing at an event .
a singer
a man with a drummer is performing on stage .
a man performing music on a stage in a stage .
the man is playing in a stage .
two people have a musical instrument .
-----------------------------


a man plays the french horn as his pianist plays the supporting melody on stage .
three guys are playing the bongos on stage .
contradiction

a man jogs home from the jazz play .
the man sits alone in the library .
a man is alone on stage with the guitar player .
a woman and man play guitar at a concert
a man is playing guitar in his room .
a woman and her joke play the drums for the concert .
the man sits in his room playing a game of his instruments .
a man is shooting a women 's trumpet .
a man is entertaining a woman .
a female musician is playing the piano .
a man rides a horn at the beach .
the man is playing a guitar on the stage .
the man is eating ice cream
the man is playing the guitar on the stage .
two men are arguing .
a man is watching his son play a saxophone on the street .
the guy and woman are in a restaurant .
a man is singing and playing the drums for the concert .
the man is playing baseball .
the man stands in front of his friends
this man is stirring the music .
the woman ate a meal .
the man is at the library .
the man was wearing a baseball cap .
man eating donuts
a man is at the movies .
the man is drinking from the water tea
the man sits alone playing his trumpet .
the woman is singing
the man is grilling a cake .
a woman playing music on a stage .
a man is running around .
-----------------------------


a man plays the french horn as his pianist plays the supporting melody on stage .
a man and his pianist are performing their final tribute to zelda .
neutral

the man is making a band for the concert .
the man is a rock band
a man with blue hair plays the guitar on a stage for a crowd .
the man is preparing for a concert .
the man is a music singer .
a man is performing at a party party .
a man performs his concert at a concert .
a man performs for the first time .
a man and child are playing jazz music for a crowd .
a singer has been stopped for the concert for his friends .
a man and songwriter play an instrument at a party .
he plays an audience of friends .
a band plays for a crowd
a man playing a guitar on the stage for the first time
an orchestra plays for a large crowd
a band plays jazz music
a man is leading someone 's favorite
the actors are performing at a concert .
a man is trying to perform an art horn in the park .
the man in the band plays the song .
he was performing for his girlfriend .
a man plays guitar for his friends at a concert .
-----------------------------


a man with a white towel wrapped around the lower part of his face and neck .
the man is covering his neck
entailment

someone is in the picture .
people are handling
some humans on a lease .
a man is near some hair .
a man is getting his head cut on his face .
-----------------------------


a man with a white towel wrapped around the lower part of his face and neck .
the towel is pink and blue striped
contradiction

the man is resting on the bench
a little boy is holding his dog .
the man sits quietly in his room .
a man is playing catch with a purple hat and watching tv .
a girl cuts up a baby 's hand and a white hat .
no one is holding a tie of head .
the man ran through the snow .
a man is walking his dog down the hill .
nobody is holding a white hat .
the man is naked in a field .
a mother watches her husband play in the bathtub .
this man is a woman
a couple are eating lunch inside .
a little girl with a white hat sits in the park .
the man is looking at the ocean .
a girl plays in the sand .
a man is laying on the ground
a man with a purple hat sits at his desk in his office .
a man in a purple hat and an umbrella is fishing .
no one is having a good time .
a man is standing on a couch and eating a sandwich .
a woman and her dog play in the park .
the man does not have any hair .
the woman is baking cookies .
a woman and man are playing tennis .
the man is resting by the river
they are playing in a surf swing .
a woman practices her hands .
a man is jumping up and down on the street .
the man is dancing
a man dances in the rain .
the man is not wearing a hat .
a man kisses his dog
the man was watching tv .
the man is sitting in the yard .
the man is fishing on the lake .
-----------------------------


a man with a white towel wrapped around the lower part of his face and neck .
he does n't want hair to land on his neck .
neutral

the man is performing for a group of people .
a man is hanging out on the sidewalk .
the man is working on a client .
a man is working with his hands out for a job
the man is lifting gifts .
the man is going in his garden
a man is waiting for his ride to go home .
a man is showing off his face from his face after a long day of
a gentleman holds a container jar is being filmed by his face .
some men are outside
a man with a white hat is trying to take a break from his job
the man is waiting for his girlfriend to get on the bus .
the man is having a good time .
a guy is trying to get a lot of diesel .
a man poses for his lunch .
the man is celebrating
a man fixes his new lunch near the sunset .
a person is getting ready for their job .
there is a man holding his hand and hands his face after a long day
a man is getting ready to repair a shopping garden .
a man is getting his job
a man is outside with his family
he is trying to make his job in his house .
a man is about to climb the ground .
-----------------------------


man walking with tall buildings with reflections behind him .
the man was walking to meet a friend .
neutral

a man is taking pictures of a building .
the man is going to work .
a man is showing the graffiti to the person
the man is walking to the store
a man walked with a tall buildings with his family .
the man walks to work .
a dark haired man is walking with a yellow fence .
a man rides to the store to his friend .
the man is standing up and a man is a crime .
the man is walking the buildings to the building .
a man is on a street corner at the local job for his family .
man carrying white buildings .
the man is walking his dog
the man is a friend .
the man is waiting for her ride .
man walking with trees with flowers and her family .
the man is walking to his wife .
a man watches the sun move to his friend .
man are walking to the store .
the man is following his project .
tall person crossing .
a man is walking with the buildings to his dog home .
the man has a shirt .
a man with a blue shirt and a man runs with a tall building to
the man is preparing food .
someone is waiting for his friend on the building .
a guy walks with a yellow fence
the man is a man 's husband .
the man is going to go get dinner .
-----------------------------


man walking with tall buildings with reflections behind him .
the man was running through the park .
contradiction

a man is stealing the building
a man is standing on the ground .
this man is running through the field .
a woman eats breakfast .
a man is laying down on a bench at the park .
a man is playing fetch with his family
a woman is walking home .
the man is standing in the rain .
the woman is wearing a purple shirt .
the man is indoors
the woman is walking with the man .
the man is swimming
a woman is sitting with two people who are playing .
the man is swimming in a pool
a woman with a child alone .
a man is sitting with a dog .
the man is not in a job .
a man is climbing up the buildings to his father .
a man is playing with a dog outside .
the man is jogging on the beach .
the man sits in his chair alone .
some man is standing in the rain .
the man is shooting a rabbit .
a man is dancing with his friends .
the building is empty
a man sitting up with his dog .
a man sleeps in his bed alone .
the man is laying down in the middle of the street .
a man sits with no of buildings is looking at the flowers .
a man is standing on his hands .
a man walks his dog in a park .
the man is by a lake .
the couple are sitting on a couch .
a man is playing in the snow .
a man walks with a pile of trees and is cold
someone is feeding their teeth
-----------------------------


man walking with tall buildings with reflections behind him .
the man was walking .
entailment

a man is walking past buildings .
the man on the building .
the guy is walking outside
someone is getting ready to walk .
there are many people outside .
there is a man with an object .
a man is walking with a tall building .
a man is moving his walking .
two people in a man are walking .
the man walks with lots of buildings .
this man is walking .
there is a man near some trees .
the man walks with something .
man is walking with the buildings .
the man on the building has something on his head .
a man is taking a walk outside .
a man is traveling by buildings .
the man is outdoors .
-----------------------------


a woman holds her child out of a red window , next to a color tv sign .
the tv holds a woman who holds a child .
contradiction

the woman is walking down the floor .
the woman and child were reading a book .
a man is alone in her lap and running through the park
the window is empty
some girls ride her cat through the park .
a man is getting ready to go on a bike .
a mother and her child are sleeping .
a woman and child are playing football .
a man is watching a baseball game
a man and a woman are playing a game of tennis .
the woman and child are in a restaurant .
a woman is holding an item in the kitchen .
the man is working with a patient .
a woman and her child are throwing a ball .
a woman holding her mom up a blue window to play a game .
a woman and a child are walking in the park .
a little girl is drinking out of the bowl .
a woman and her child walk through the park .
the woman and child are sleeping
a man is playing catch with his son .
a woman is holding a dog for the first time .
the people are carrying a hose .
a man is watching his child play in the park .
a child in red is carrying a blue closed .
the child is sleeping in the mirror .
a woman in a blue shirt is watching a movie with her child .
the women talk to the child on the beach .
a man and his mother are at the beach
the man carries a woman on a couch .
a mother and her child are driving around a red blue window .
-----------------------------


excited children pass their parents on their way from the parking lot .
children go past their parents .
entailment

the children were running in the parking lot .
an few children run through a parking lot .
children are seen .
people are standing in a parking lot .
their picture is being taken in the parking lot .
children are talking in a parking lot .
children riding on a parking lot
several children are running outside .
children are running on the road with children
some children are going outside .
the children are running through the parking lot .
the mom looks at her kids .
there are children gathered in the parking lot .
the children are outside .
the children outside a store .
peopl ; are gathered in a parking lot .
there are children gathered around .
two children are watching children
children run in the parking lot .
a family is outside watching the children watch .
-----------------------------


excited children pass their parents on their way from the parking lot .
children run past their parents .
entailment

some children have a shopping lot .
children are near an area .
the children wait by the parking lot .
people are being led by a lot of shops .
a group of children are watching something by the parking lot .
kids at a time together for their children .
there are many children in the parking lot .
they are watching the kids .
their people are running .
a crowd watches a children play on the parking lot .
the mom and young children are outdoors
the children are outside .
adults and woman are on a city .
there is a lot of people riding them .
a children and children play in the parking lot .
they are outside .
five kids are outside .
the children are near nature .
there are children enjoying a walk .
performers are looking to do to be done by the parking lot .
the shopping group of young children are riding on .
several children are outside in the parking lot .
the family are on the parking .
the children are participating in a parking lot .
there are children under a parking lot .
there are people moving .
the children are looking on
a group of children are doing something to be wet .
people are watching children .
several children together on the parking lot .
-----------------------------


excited children pass their parents on their way from the parking lot .
the children are watching tv at home .
contradiction

the kids are driving to the store
the people are inside the church .
children are standing on their honeymoon .
adults playing basketball .
the children were sitting at home
the group of children are running in the grass .
a single man is sitting on a bench with children
the children were watching tv on the couch .
they are all indoors .
the children sit next to their father
the children are on strike skates in the park .
there are no children wants to run away from their mom .
several children are running a marathon .
two children are playing catch
the adults were not the kids .
several children are swimming in the ocean
the parents sit alone .
the adults are sitting at the desk .
children runs in a race
no one is reading the shopping .
a group of children are indoors watching a movie .
the adults are sleeping in a tent in a park
a bunch of children are riding their bikes on a street .
four adults are running at the park .
this people are running a marathon .
the children are running a marathon .
some children are in a movie theater .
the family are sleeping .
the children are alone .
-----------------------------


two boys are holding red kites with water in the background .
persons are involved in outdoor recreation .
entailment

two boys are holding up objects
the boys are near a water .
two boys in the background
there are two boys holding by two boys .
the boys are wearing some clothing .
two boys are holding a piece of water .
two boys are holding a objects of water .
the boys in the background are looking at water .
two children are being photographed .
two children are wearing water .
two boys are wearing red hats .
two children are outside near the water .
boys are outside .
three young boys are holding water
people overlooking a water .
the boys are standing .
two kids are in the background
boys are near water .
two boys with red colored objects are holding a objects .
-----------------------------


two boys are holding red kites with water in the background .
two boys are watching television .
contradiction

no one is in front of the basketball
two boys are sleeping on the ground .
the boys walk in the park and the water are not wearing hats .
two boys are laying in the grass .
two girls are doing karate .
the boys are watching a movie .
two children holding yellow poles in the background .
the boys are riding the bus .
two kids are running .
the boys run at a lake .
the boys are sitting on the couch watching tv .
the little boy uses a blue colored colored colored poles .
the boys are drinking beer .
there are two boys holding the empty bench .
two old people are holding a blue ball .
the girls and the boys are sitting .
two boys are watching tv
two girls climb a tree with water .
the boy chews the yellow colored bench
the boys are riding on the bus to the bar .
an old woman taking a nap with her friends .
the boys are standing on the grass
the two boys are talking in front of a field .
there is only two boys playing with the boys in the park .
two boys are watching tv .
boys chasing each other in the grass .
the boys are eating a meal at home .
several girls are running on the beach .
the boys are sitting on a park bench .
some old people are sitting in class .
the boys are sitting on the couch watching the game .
boys are laying in the grass .
-----------------------------


two boys are holding red kites with water in the background .
an ocean is behind a couple about to fly red kites
neutral

people are visiting their day
the boys are punching .
the boys are waiting to get into a lake .
two brothers posing in the picture .
the boy has a red colored colored colored colored balls of water .
two boys are holding signs for the first time .
the two boys are having a picnic on the beach .
the boys are twins .
the kids are at the beach .
two boys chasing the red off of their red nets in the background .
the boys are wearing bathing suits .
two boys are smiling .
the boys are working on a project .
the boys are holding the soccer ball .
two brothers hold an empty water to be picked up .
the boys were taking a test .
two friends are getting their dinner for their parents
two boys in the ocean are holding a big jar of water .
two boys are on a date .
two friends are in a morning .
-----------------------------


dog herding cows
animals are near each other .
entailment

the animal is placing some sheep .
the dog has an animal .
someone is near vegetables .
a dog watches an animal make food
a dog has been operated animals .
the dogs are outdoor .
someone is outside exercising .
the dog is working outdoors .
a dog with the sheep .
a dog watches the chickens
that dog stares .
a dog is using produce
-----------------------------


dog herding cows
the dogs are trying to get the cows inside a barn .
neutral

the dog is a man .
there are five dogs in the grass .
dog enjoys the day
a dog is being chased by a dog to get his food .
someone grooming dogs for a field field .
a brown dog is retrieving his food .
the dog is old
a dog eats his food at a dog park .
a poodle pets for animals to animals
a black dog is barking at the dog .
the dog loves .
the dog is participating in a rice .
a poodle is showing off a dog to get an animal .
a black dog practices his cows to his owner .
the dog was just used his dog .
a white dog wants to go for a walk .
dog watches sheep are getting ready .
a brown dog is playing with his owner .
a brown dog is retrieving his teeth .
the dog is a gardener .
a dog tries to make a bone to his owner .
a brown dog is practicing his dog
-----------------------------


dog herding cows
cats are sleeping inside the room .
contradiction

a cat is sitting on the couch .
dog chasing horses
the sheep sleeping in the grass .
a cat is being pulled by a cat
a cat takes shopping on the beach .
a cat is dick vegetables .
a dog watches a child
the statue does n't have a animal
a dog is carrying a child through a field .
dog without fight
a cat is chopping down the grass and into a field .
a man is resting at his food truck .
the cat is empty handed .
the cat is nice .
a dog is eating ice cream in the kitchen
the dog is underwater .
dog sleeping with grass
a man and woman are making a cake for his dog .
a dog swimming in the ocean
the dogs sit in the house .
dog sleeping in the park
a cat rides an elephant to its owner .
a cat catches a frisbee
dog sleeps on street
a dog is all asleep in a car
the dog is awake and is looking at the sheep .
dogs sleeping in bed on a couch .
a man is running with dogs .
the dog is lying in bed .
-----------------------------


men and women walking down a sidewalk next to a garden .
they are walking by the garden .
entailment

a man and a woman are walking along a sidewalk
many people walk down the sidewalk
the people are walking down the sidewalk .
there are people walking on the sidewalk
the people and women are walking .
men and woman walks on a sidewalk .
some people are taking a walk outside .
men are walking outdoors .
a couple men are walking towards a garden .
people with others .
there are a few men at the garden .
several people and women walk together outside .
there are people outside eating outside .
two people walking down a sidewalk .
a group of people walk .
a group of young people walking together outside a garden .
men are outdoors .
a man and are an an outside and a man are walking .
a man and women are walking down a sidewalk .
people are heading in a garden
a man is walking with his women on a sidewalk .
there are people strolling in a garden .
people strolling outside
there are people outdoors
the man and women are together .
humans walking in the garden .
some women are walking down the sidewalk in front of a garden .
people walk in a garden .
-----------------------------


men and women walking down a sidewalk next to a garden .
the men and women are running through the forest .
contradiction

a group of men are raking
group watching tv
they are walking along the beach .
some men are playing with a friend .
a group of people are huddled and are about to go down the street .
a man and women are sitting on a bench waiting for a friend .
there are people running .
a group of women are running around the garden to get out of the garden
people are swimming .
men and woman are walking in a field .
the people are standing in their room .
a couple of men are fighting in a garden
the men and women are at the spa .
a man and woman are dancing on a couch at the park .
the man and women are dancing running down a street .
some people is running in a field .
five people are sleeping
a couple is sitting on a couch
the man is dancing
the man shopped in the desert .
men are jogging down the street .
several people are watching a movie on a couch .
the children play basketball with their wife .
the man and women are in their bathroom .
the couple is eating lunch .
people are looking at a car wash .
the group of men and women are eating their lunch
three people are watching a movie at the theater .
three men are sitting at the park .
some people are asleep on a couch .
the men are sitting in the grass .
two women shop to go to their campsite .
the people are running through the grass
one man is alone and the men are on the sidewalk .
a group of people run around the living room table .
a couple people are dancing
the people have a conversation about the tv .
-----------------------------


men and women walking down a sidewalk next to a garden .
they are admiring the beautiful flowers in the garden .
neutral

the group of men are trying to find the new york building .
the women walk towards the baseball team .
there are people present for their friend .
some women walking down a sidewalk to get to the store .
a group of friends are working for a business .
the people are wearing jeans .
the man and woman are making a lot of money in the garden .
there 's a tall man in a garden with her friends .
two people walking home with are wearing hats .
the people enjoy the view .
it 's a sunny day .
some men are talking to a movie outside .
people are wearing white shirts
the couple are walking across a sidewalk to get to the beach .
they like are wearing blue shirts .
two friends and women walking around a garden .
some man is walking towards the building .
people walk home
two brothers are watching an outdoor mall .
the people are tending .
people are window shopping .
the men and women are with their parents .
there are women buying a garden party
some women is about to fall off a building .
people walk down the street after a long day .
a group of friends walk through the garden to get to the beach .
it 's their last time by the garden .
the group of people are walking in a garden with a large crowd .
they are taking to get wet .
-----------------------------


a man is swimming inside of a pool
the person is in the water playing .
neutral

a man is trying to get into a pool
the man is scared .
two men in a pool are trying to take a swim .
a man is catching a fish in the pool for his family .
a man is training for a swimming competition .
someone is playing with his family at the pool .
a man is surfing on his day out of the pool .
a man is training in the pool at the beach .
a man is about to swimming .
a man is getting ready to compete in an empty pool .
a man is about to fall off his water .
a man is fishing for a competition .
a man is learning how to swim in a pool
a man is diving off a pool to get a bird .
a man trying to win a race in the pool
a man is learning how to swim .
a young man is surfing the pool
a man is at his favorite team park .
the man is having fun in the pool .
a man is going to get wet on a pool .
the man is enjoying his time at the pool .
-----------------------------


a man is swimming inside of a pool
there is a person drowning .
contradiction

a woman is having a picnic
man is at home sleeping
a man is jumping into the pool .
a man in a swimming pool playing with a ball .
the man has no water any water .
a man is on the beach .
a woman is riding a bike .
the man is driving a car
a woman is standing in the sand .
the man is laying in the gym watching his wife .
a man is at a beach with his dog .
the man is inside on the couch .
the man is washing the water .
a man tans on the beach in the ocean .
a man is catching a strike at a beach .
a man is reading a book in the park .
a girl fishing with a friend .
a man is sledding .
a man in a suit and bikini is fishing at the lake .
the man is sitting quietly at the pool .
the man is sleeping in the grass
a man is fishing on his lunch break .
a man is rock climb .
a girl is playing the flute
a child is playing in the sandbox
a man laying outside his office building .
the man is in a park .
the man is sitting indoors watching tv .
the man is sleeping in the shower .
the man is at a bar .
a man is drowning in a pool .
a guy is riding his train to a friend .
-----------------------------


a man is swimming inside of a pool
there is a man in a pool .
entailment

a man is in a pool .
a man is outdoors in the pool .
a man is near a pool
there is a man in the pool .
the man is in a pool .
the man is outside
a man is swimming in the pool .
there is a man getting wet .
a man is on the water .
there is a man in the water .
a man is swimming by the pool .
a man is in the pool
a man is sitting by a pool .
the man is outdoors near the pool .
a man is at a pool in the pool .
the man is outside
a man swims in a pool .
a man is in the water
a man is at the pool
a man is at an swimming pool .
a man is swimming in a pool .
-----------------------------


a little girl sitting in a seat .
she is standing on the seat .
contradiction

a girl is asleep in bed .
a little girl is reading books .
a little boy sits on the ground and is eating lunch .
a boy is resting on the grass in the middle of the street .
a little boy sits alone in a blue shirt .
a boy is on his couch in the home
a little girl is standing on the beach .
a little girl is playing in the park .
a boy is eating his lunch in his kitchen .
a little boy is not making his way in a seat
girl sits in bed
a girl is standing still
girl is laying on a couch .
the woman sits on the couch
a boy ran through the bathtub
a girl is swimming at the pool .
a girl is making a cake at the beach .
a little girl is on a playground .
a young girl is playing xbox with a child .
the little boy is on the bars .
a little girl is sitting on the couch
a boy is at the movies .
the little girl is standing on the couch .
a little girl is standing by the fire
a girl wears a suit at the beach .
a boy sitting on a up denim bed with his wife
a girl is playing with her toys
a little girl is playing with a ball .
the car is not travelling .
a child is having a picnic .
the girl is sitting in the grass .
the little girl is standing with a friend .
a girl is playing with her child .
a girl is swimming in the ocean .
a little girl is on a swing .
a little girl is standing in a field
-----------------------------


a little girl sitting in a seat .
she is in a chair .
neutral

a child makes his lunch .
the girl is enjoying the weather .
a little girl prefers after a long day .
a girl is getting a haircut
a little girl in the bathtub reading on a sunny day
the girl is wearing a white shirt .
a little girl waits on her car .
a little girl is on the sitting sitting at a bar .
a little girl sits on the back of a school .
a little girl is staring at her dog .
there is a little girl sitting in a red car .
the little girl is smiling
this little girl is sitting in a waiting room with his friends
a girl sitting in a her room with her child in a seat .
a girl is going to a playground party .
a girl is upset from her dog .
the little girl is sitting in a seat to get a drink .
a little girl is having lunch with her family .
a girl sit by the her bed in her living room .
the girl is laughing .
a girl is going to get a taxi .
-----------------------------


a black and brown dog walks in the shallows of a large body of water .
the dog is wearing a clown suit .
contradiction

the dog chases through the air
the man is eating chips .
the two dogs are running through the water
dog sleeps on the couch
two dogs are sleeping inside .
the black dog sits in a body of water .
a dog eats his owner on a beach
the dog is laying in the grass
a cat is running outside .
two dogs are swimming in the river .
the brown dog is sleeping after the river .
a black dog is swimming in the ocean .
a brown and brown dog is playing with his owner .
the man is watching television
the dog is sitting on the grass .
the dogs are inside a store .
a cat walks on the grass
a black and brown dog is laying in the middle of the ocean
dog in a field
the dogs are stealing the same .
a black dog is sleeping alone in his living room .
two dogs are walking in the sunshine
the dog was swimming laps
the cat is running in the water .
the cat is a man
the dog is flying near a lake .
a black and brown dog is sitting at the movie theater .
a black dog is standing still by the lake .
a dog are at home .
the bird sits on the bed .
an animal is laying on the beach .
the cat is carrying a stick .
a black dog sleeps on the beach with his owner .
dog sleeps on the beach
the dog is sleeping in the house
the cats are sleeping .
a black dog in a river and a man play with a lake
an animal is playing with a bone .
the cat jumps on the grass .
a black and brown dog is eating a bone .
there is a cat in the water .
the black dog is digging in the sand .
-----------------------------


a black and brown dog walks in the shallows of a large body of water .
the dog is in the water .
entailment

the dog is by a body of water .
two dogs are walking together .
two dogs are walking .
a dog walks on the water
they are walking on the water .
a black dog is outside
a black and brown dog is outside in the water .
there is a dog in the water .
two dogs are together .
the dog walks by the water .
a black and brown dog is moving across the water .
two people are walking together .
a black and brown dog is walking in the water near the water .
group of dogs are going through the water .
a dog stands next to water .
the dog is by the water in the water .
dog and dog are walking along water .
two dogs in the water .
a black and brown dog is outside
the dog is near the water .
a canine walks in water .
an animal jumping
a black and brown dog walks .
-----------------------------


a black and brown dog walks in the shallows of a large body of water .
the dog is with its owner .
neutral

the dog walks in the water with his owner .
the dogs are old .
the dog waits for the river to the river .
the lost dog is the dog .
a black and brown dog are getting a bath in the water .
a black dog is retrieving their owner to a new race .
the two dogs are the same favorite .
the black dog walks in the water on the beach .
small black dog and brown dog are walking through the water with a dog .
the dog is old .
an animal working to buy food
a black dog walks with his owner to fetch it .
the dog wins the other of water .
a dog licks his owner 's owner .
some friends in the water holding a stick for the first time .
a black and brown dog is looking for a owner to his owner .
the two dogs are following a boy 's mouth .
the dog is barking at the water .
a dog is helping a child with their owner .
a black and brown dog is walking through the water to get to the water
the dog is a male .
the black dog walking through the water to get to water .
a dog is fishing by the water .
-----------------------------


a man jumping sideways in the ocean .
a man sits in a hotel lobby .
contradiction

a man is eating a dolphin in the pool .
the man was pushing a blue shirt .
a boy is kicking his cat in the ocean
a man is skiing down the mountain .
a man is watching tv with his family .
a man stands next to a car .
a man is leaping off the hill .
the man is standing on a hill .
the man is on a bus .
the man is sitting alone in the water .
a man is watching the people play on the beach .
a boy is running
a woman sitting in the ocean
the woman is playing in the sand .
a man is fishing in the ocean .
a kid is inside sleeping on the bed .
the man is sleeping at home .
the man sits quietly in the ocean .
the woman is standing .
a woman was taking a bath in the living room .
a man is about to fall off his car .
a man jumps into the pool in the ocean
a man is riding a a boat down the street .
a man is watching tv at a bar .
a child is swimming in the ocean .
the man is jumping into a pool .
a man jumping for ice cream .
a man in a suit is laying in the sand .
a sad man jumping on a trampoline .
a little girl is doing tricks on the beach .
a woman climbed on the beach .
the man is skiing
the man is walking through the ocean .
-----------------------------


a man jumping sideways in the ocean .
a man jumps in the ocean .
entailment

the man performs in the ocean
a man is traveling to the water .
there is a man
a man jumps over the ocean .
a person is jumping on the ocean .
the man is on the water .
a man is bending on the ocean .
a man jumps into the ocean
the man is in the ocean
a man is leaping in the water .
a man jumping on the beach at the ocean .
a man with a lot of ocean .
a man performing in the water .
this man is jumps
the man jumps on the ocean .
a man jumps on the ocean
there is a man jumping in the ocean .
a man is jumping from the ocean
someone leaping out the water .
a man is near the ocean .
a man is in the water .
a man is on the ocean .
a man is on the water .
the man is upside down .
a man jumps from the ocean
-----------------------------


a teenage girl in winter clothes slides down a decline in a red sled .
a girl is by herself on a sled .
entailment

a child is not on the ground .
an african is dressed in clothes
a teenage girl is hanging out on the sled .
a girl tries something .
a girl rides with a sled .
a kid is wearing a red shirt
a girl is playing on a sled .
a girl in her clothes is being held by a girl in a sled .
a girl in her clothes is getting wet .
a girl wears clothing .
a child is wearing a lot of clothing .
a teenage girl is on a sled .
the teenage girl is in winter gear .
a girl is wearing clothing .
girl is currently outdoors .
a teen is playing in winter .
a girl is swinging .
-----------------------------


a teenage girl in winter clothes slides down a decline in a red sled .
a girl is sliding on a red sled .
entailment

a teenager is showing a child in the snow .
a person is skating in winter in winter
a teenager is dressed up .
a teenage girl is on a sled
a little girl is in winter weather .
a person in a sunny trunks lands on a sled .
a kid is the girls 's sled .
a girl in a red sunny day is on a sled .
there is a child on the sled .
girl is outdoors
the girl is wearing clothes .
a girl in a red sled
the person is riding her red sled
-----------------------------


a teenage girl in winter clothes slides down a decline in a red sled .
a girl is on a beach with a blue sled .
contradiction

a girl is dancing on the beach .
the girl is drinking at the bar .
a boy is dancing on the beach .
a boy is taking a walk in the rain .
a boy and a girl eating a steak at the restaurant .
a girl dressed in a green shirt is dancing her friends .
a girl with long hair is standing by a blue sled .
the girl is dancing
the old girl is swimming in the river .
girl in a green bikini
the man is sitting in the snow .
the girl in the red wings is watching a movie .
the girl is sitting on the sled .
a girl cries after her dog in the field .
the girls are asleep in the living room .
the young girl is sleep
a girl dressed in black is at the top of a mountain .
girl sleeping in the tree
a young girl is taking the bus in the sand .
a boy is hold on the ground .
the girl is playing video games .
a teenager is not wearing a bikini and is fishing .
the girl wearing shorts takes a snow day .
the girl is wearing a black shirt .
a boy and the girl are sliding their hair .
a kid is swimming by the pool .
the girl wearing the swimsuit is waiting for the sled .
the boy is in swim trunks
the girls is at home .
a girl in swim trunks is taking a nap
a kid is playing a game of tag .
the girl is swimming in a lake .
the boy is dry
a girl is sitting down on the floor .
an old girl runs through the park .
the girl is watching tv
there are no boy in the swimsuit
the man is singing in the snow .
girl deep sea
a young girl is underwater in the ocean .
-----------------------------


three men with blue jerseys try to score a goal in soccer against the other team in white jerseys and their goalie in green .
some men with jerseys are in a bar , watching a soccer match .
contradiction

three women in blue shirts have black dresses .
the men are sleeping
the women were fighting a man 's head .
football players play flag men in the field .
three men are standing around .
three members in blue jackets are watching a soccer game .
three football players taking the football .
the football players fighting in the football game .
the men are alone
the group is watching the football game .
the women were wearing black shirts
people are sleeping
three men are playing basketball .
the women were wearing baseball uniforms .
three women in blue clothing are running .
the three men were standing at the same team .
three men are asleep on the couch
the women are washing a football team .
three football players are having their dinner .
the men are standing up in the middle of the court .
three men in blue jerseys are getting ready to do their football football .
three women are practicing for the game at the game .
the women were wearing shirts and wearing hats .
some women on a bus are studying for a game .
three friends are taking a nap in their class .
the men in the football game is sitting in the field .
several men run for a football game .
some women are watching tv
the men are wearing suits .
the players on the game are in the football game .
-----------------------------


three men with blue jerseys try to score a goal in soccer against the other team in white jerseys and their goalie in green .
the men are playing soccer .
entailment

three men are competing in a soccer game .
the men have just together .
three men in blue uniforms are trying to score a goal .
three soccer players play soccer .
men outside getting ready to play soccer .
three men wearing matching shirts are playing soccer .
the men are wearing blue hats .
the three men play soccer .
three men in soccer uniforms are trying to score .
a three men play a game of soccer match .
a group of people are competing in the game .
the three men are playing a game of soccer .
-----------------------------


a dog leaps into the air in a grassy field surrounded by trees .
a puppy jumps up to catch a ball .
neutral

the dog jumps into the field to catch a ball .
a big animal jumps to catch a ball .
the dog likes to play fetch .
a black dog just won a tennis ball on a field .
a dog jumping to catch the ball to the lake .
a dog is getting the attention of a dog .
a dog trying to catch a frisbee .
a dog is performing a trick at the park .
a dog is skipping to his owner in a field .
a dog jumping into the lake to catch a stick at the field .
a dog prepares to play in the field .
dog chases someone in the grass
the dog runs home jumping in the field .
a black dog plays in a field of trees .
a dog jumps into the lake to get a owner bone for his owner .
two dog jumping across a field during a competition .
a small animal jumping into the air to his owner in a field .
the dog is old
a dog is happy and running .
a dog is chasing after a ball in a field .
a group of children jumps into the field to play a game
a dog is chasing a ball around the field .
a big animal jumps around a stick
the dog is chasing a ball .
a dog catches a ball in a grassy field .
a boy leaps in the grass in a grassy field .
a dog is catching a frisbee in a field .
dog runs after a ball in the grass .
a young dog jumps into a hole in the air .
the dog is the child .
a dog was happy and is playing in a field .
-----------------------------


a dog leaps into the air in a grassy field surrounded by trees .
a dog is in a grassy field filled with trees .
entailment

a dog and a dog jump .
an animal is playing in the grass
the animal is outdoors .
the dog jumps on the grass
a dog jumping in the grass .
a dog is interacting with trees .
a dog is jumping into the field .
the dog is by the tree .
a dog is jumping
a dog playing in the grass .
a dog jumps on the grass .
someone is outside .
a dog jump into the air .
the dog jumped into the field .
a dog is coming into the air .
the dog is leaping outside .
a dog with wet trees jumping into a field .
a dog leaping into the air .
a dog is interacting with the side of the trees .
there was a dog looking into the air .
the dog outside
there is a dog playing outside .
the dog jumps outside
a dog jumps into the field .
a dog is on a field .
a dog jumps into the field .
-----------------------------


a dog leaps into the air in a grassy field surrounded by trees .
a dog is sleeping in a grassy field surrounded by trees .
contradiction

a dog is standing still .
a dog is swimming indoors .
the cat is floating in the water
a dog is carrying a stick at the beach .
the dog is asleep by the fire .
the dog is sitting watching tv .
dog swims in lake
a cat jumps into a lake .
a cat with a ball is sitting .
dog runs from a bone
a cat in a pool at the park .
a cat in a field
a cat jumps into the field .
the cat laying in the grass .
a dog is walking on a trail in the middle of the ocean .
the dog eats a cat .
the dog is laying down on the grass looking at the ground .
a cat is jumping into the air
a dog is jumping into the lake .
a cat plays with his owner in a car .
a cat is jumping into the lake
a cat is taking a nap in the grass .
the dog jumps into the lake .
the dog is asleep on the couch .
a cat catching a stick at the beach
the dog is sitting by the fire .
a dog is fishing in the ocean .
a cat is eating breakfast .
the dog sleeps in the bed .
the dog is resting .
the deer sits behind the grass .
a cat jumps into the lake .
a cat is catching a frisbee
the dog is drinking a soda .
a cat catching his owner in the middle of the ocean .
a dog is resting up playing in the ocean .
-----------------------------


a man with a large power drill standing next to his daughter with a vacuum cleaner hose .
the man and girl are painting the walls .
contradiction

a couple are playing in the park .
a woman is opening the man .
a child is eating dinner
a man is shooting a daughter with her daughter
the man is eating an apple .
the man is sleeping while his son .
a woman and daughter are sitting inside .
a woman dances for a man with a blanket
a construction worker is at the park with his friends
the girl is sleeping .
a man is playing with their child
the man is writing a woman in his office .
a girl watches a man walking down the street .
no one is here in front of his home .
the man is climbing a tree
the woman and her daughter are napping .
the man is feeding his dog 's backyard .
a woman and a boy are napping by the fireplace .
a man is eating his child for a walk .
the man is sitting on his couch .
a man is getting ready to go bowling .
a woman and her daughter go home .
a man is on the grass
the man is making a snowman .
a man is sleeping in the living room .
a man is shooting a child
the man is driving his car into the streets .
the man and the child are sitting in front of a fire .
a man is with his daughter sitting on a bench .
a woman with a big big hose sits next to her daughter .
the blonde man is swimming in the lake .
a couple of cats walk on a beach .
the man and his daughter are swimming .
a man is sitting on a park bench .
the father and woman are driving to the store .
a man and a daughter are shooting at the local pool .
a man is napping in the sand .
-----------------------------


a man with a large power drill standing next to his daughter with a vacuum cleaner hose .
a man holding a drill stands next to a girl holding a vacuum hose .
entailment

the man is near the water .
the man and his daughter are near a hose .
a man and a girl outside .
a man with a large blowing hose and a hose and a hose
the man is standing near the water .
people are outside .
a man has his hands in a pipe with a hose
a man and a girl are looking together .
a man and his daughter are looking at nature .
a person is making something .
a man and a girl have a hot .
a guy and his daughter are together .
a man and his daughter are being photographed by a couple .
a man and his daughter on a piece of a hose
a man in the picture is holding a loom hose .
both man is a woman .
it is dirty out and the woman
a man with a knife stands next to his wife .
a man and woman are together
-----------------------------


a man with a large power drill standing next to his daughter with a vacuum cleaner hose .
the man and girl are doing some home maintenance .
neutral

a man is making his daughter 's son 's home .
a man is showing his son a group of people to go .
a man and his daughter are visiting a wedding reception .
man in a building is working to make a new project .
a man is getting a climbing project by a couple child .
man in a child 's new hose .
a tall human is trying to get out
the man and woman are outside in the rain .
the man and the woman are a couple
a father and his daughter are taking a break from the man 's home .
a girl holds her pets on a project .
a large man paints a new hose to a child .
the man is preparing to go out
a grandfather and his daughter are taking a break from work
a man in a green skirt is helping his daughter wait for the bus .
the woman and her daughter are looking for a fire .
the man loves to buy the new hose .
-----------------------------


three children dressed in winter clothes are walking through the woods while pushing cargo along .
three children are dressed in warm winter clothes .
entailment

three children are touching their .
there are children walking .
some kids are walking through the woods .
three children dressed in winter clothes are walking through the woods .
children are outdoors running .
there are two children .
the kids are walking through the woods .
the children walk through the woods .
the children are walking in the woods .
three kids in winter clothes are outside .
three kids are wearing winter clothes in the woods .
the children walking through the woods .
there are three children .
three kids walk through the trees with a ship .
kids stroll through trees .
there are kids walking .
the children are walking through the woods .
three kids in winter clothes are walking through the woods .
three children walking through the forest .
there are three children walking in the woods .
three children wait to be walking .
three children are wearing wearing clothes
-----------------------------


three children dressed in winter clothes are walking through the woods while pushing cargo along .
three childre are dressed in summer clothes .
contradiction

three children are riding on their feet to the bus .
three kids are walking in a mall .
some kids are playing tag and wearing their blue uniforms .
the children are not in a desert .
children in white swim trunks are playing .
three children are wearing bikinis and holding up the earth .
kids are playing in the pool .
the girls in shorts has a blue and blue jeans .
three kids are on a plane .
three kids dressed up to the top of the trail is watching a movie .
the kids run across the street .
the three kids are driving through the woods .
the boys are watching tv on the couch .
three children sleeping on the couch .
the kids are naked
the children are sitting at a bar .
the boys are running through the field .
three children running for the first time in the snow .
there are adults watching a movie .
the children were sleeping in a bed .
the kids are sitting on the ground .
the children sit in the house .
three kids are riding bikes .
three kids are inside the building .
the girls are riding their bikes through the field .
a woman throws her first wagon of the other children .
the children are watching a man wearing blue swim trunks .
the girls are sitting in light .
-----------------------------


three children dressed in winter clothes are walking through the woods while pushing cargo along .
three children are dressed in winter clothes .
entailment

some kids are wearing a ride
three children dressed up as they walk through the woods .
six children are dressed .
there are three children in this picture .
some children are in the forest .
three children walking next to the forest .
children are walking through the woods .
they are walking through the woods .
some people are wearing clothes
three children walking .
three children are wearing colorful clothes .
some kids are in the forest .
some children are outside .
three kids are wearing winter clothes
children are outdoors .
three children dressed in winter clothes are walking through the woods .
three kids are in the woods .
three children are outdoors .
the children are outdoors .
people walk through the woods .
some children are a walk
young children are wearing colorful clothes .
children walking through trees
-----------------------------


a man is sitting outside wearing blue pants .
the person is inside .
contradiction

a man is walking by the pond .
a man is sitting in a chair .
no one is wearing blue pants and is wearing a blue shirt .
a man in blue pants is sitting inside .
a man is relaxing at home .
a man is dressed in black pants .
a man is inside from the playground .
a man is making a lot of food in the kitchen .
a man walking to his hospital
a man is wearing a suit and a business .
the woman is sitting on the bench waiting .
a man is sitting at home in the morning .
the man has a orange pants
a man wearing a jacket is standing outside .
man is on the beach .
a man in a dress is walking past a plane .
the man is sleeping at work .
a man is on the bench next to a bear .
a young woman in blue pants and a blue pants waiting for a bus .
nobody is walking .
a man is reading a book
a dog is wearing a black and blue pants .
a man is swimming in the middle of a pool with his family .
a man is sleeping on the couch
a man is riding his bike .
the man is sleeping in the gutter .
nobody is sitting outdoors .
a man is standing on the sidewalk .
the man is surfing .
nobody is outside .
the man sleeps in his bed
a man in blue pants is jogging in the park .
nobody is sitting outdoors .
the man wearing green pants is waiting for the bus .
the man is taking a nap on a couch .
a man is swimming by the pool .
-----------------------------


a man is sitting outside wearing blue pants .
there is a person wearing pants .
entailment

someone is next to the person .
a man is outside
the man is wearing clothing .
a man is outside near a person .
the man is outside .
a person is dressed as .
a man is sitting outside .
the guy is outside .
a man is sitting outside of a blue pants
a man in blue is sitting outside .
a man in blue pants holds the shoes .
a man is outside next to a person .
a man is outside about to get wet .
a man is outside .
-----------------------------


a man is sitting outside wearing blue pants .
the person is on the ground .
neutral

a man in blue is on vacation .
he is a professional .
a tall human in blue pants .
a man is wearing shoes on his way home
the man is trying to find his dog .
a man is ready for an event to get out of the sky .
a man is getting a haircut on .
a tall human sitting
the man is a clown .
the man is waiting
a bald man in blue pants is talking .
the man is watching the game
the back of the man is waiting for someone .
a sad man is waiting to be in the street .
a man is in the park going to work .
a sad man is hanging out on a blanket
it is snowing .
a man is on the street to go to work .
a man waiting for his ride to work
a man is getting ready for a date
a man is an animal at his campsite .
a man is wearing sunglasses outside a warm day
a man is sitting in the park
-----------------------------


a woman is looking into a mirror , brushing her hair .
a woman is brushing her hair .
entailment

she is looking at a mirror .
a woman looking into a mirror .
a woman looks out a mirror
there is a woman looking into a mirror
a woman is looking up into a mirror .
a woman has her hair .
a woman with her hair are looking at a mirror .
a person is looking in a mirror
a lady looks out of her hair .
someone is in a her direction .
there is a women in this picture .
a woman with her hair are looking at a mirror .
there is a lady in the mirror
a lady holds her hair in a mirror
a woman is hanging out her hair
the woman is looking up at something .
a woman is trying to look at a mirror .
a woman with dark hair looks into a mirror
a lady in her outfit holds her hair cut .
someone is ready to look in the mirror .
a lady is covering up her hair .
a woman looks into her hair held .
the woman is looking into the mirror
a lady is wearing clothing .
she is near a mirror .
-----------------------------


a woman is looking into a mirror , brushing her hair .
she is getting ready for a night out .
neutral

a woman is mixing about for an item .
a woman is about to make a smile
a woman takes her hair cut for a wedding .
a woman is practicing for her hair .
a woman takes her hair done for her friends .
the woman is seeking .
a woman is going for a photograph .
the woman is japanese .
a woman with blonde hair is trying to make a mirror .
the woman is happy
a woman is good skilled .
a woman shows her for her children how to .
a lady is looking for a wedding
a woman looking to do her hair done for a wedding .
there is a woman wearing blue .
she is having a conversation .
a woman looks at her hair trimmed at a wedding .
the woman is bored
a woman is getting his hair ready for an older woman .
a woman with her hair are a teacher .
the mannequin is a professional .
a woman is crying because she is holding her hair .
she loves her hair .
-----------------------------


a woman is looking into a mirror , brushing her hair .
the woman is taking a shower .
contradiction

the woman is walking in the rain .
the woman is wearing a man 's sweater .
cow standing in front of a tree .
the woman is reading a book .
a woman is walking his dog
a teacher is reading the paper
a man is inside a house
the woman was climbing a tree
the man with the hair is not afraid of his hair .
a man looks at his hair while staring at a mirror
the woman is looking out the window .
a woman with a dog in the pool
she is sleep
a girl watches a movie .
a woman is standing alone in a field .
the woman kissed at the plane .
a man is wearing a pair of shirts and is working in his desk .
the woman is lying in a hotel in the field .
some people are jumping into a pool .
everyone who is depicted is burying a dog .
a man looks into a mirror of a plane .
the person is standing alone .
the woman is not wearing anything .
a man is going to go down a hill
a man is looking at an empty mirror of his wife .
a man is stealing a cat .
the women is outside .
the woman is running through the field .
a woman is dancing with her hair
she is drinking from a fountain .
-----------------------------


two players are on a wet field and one is on the ground .
both people are standing up .
contradiction

two football players are watching a girl play .
the two players are watching a movie together .
hockey player gets ready to race .
the players are playing hockey together
no one is at the beach
the men are sleeping inside .
the players sit on the ground and are running away .
some guys are watching tv in the living room .
a couple is playing their house .
the basketball players are playing at the pool
two basketball players are driving a car .
two soccer players look at the sky on their way
the two men are fighting .
the players are drinking water and drinking tea .
the players are indoors .
two players are on the beach watching television .
one of the players is about to go swimming in the pool .
the players are running a marathon .
the players are having a picnic
two hockey players fight .
the players are drinking tea in a bar .
the players sit alone
the players on their ground are sitting down .
the players in a nice grass is sitting .
some two players are at a cafe
the basketball players were sitting on the ground
the two players were waiting in line at the park .
a group of people cheering at a party .
-----------------------------


two players are on a wet field and one is on the ground .
there are people in a field .
entailment

there are two people in this picture .
some players are being held by a ground of soccer .
the players and each other is on the field .
the players are on a field .
two players are outside .
two people are making on the ground .
two people are on the ground .
the athletes in the same are playing in the field .
two players are outside in the grass .
these players on the ground set .
humans playing
the players are going on the field .
two players with one another on the ground .
there are two players in the field .
there are two sports players in this picture .
the players are on a field .
-----------------------------


two players are on a wet field and one is on the ground .
there are only two people in the field .
entailment

something at the field .
there are two athletes in this picture .
one of the players in the field
the players were in the field .
several players are on the field .
the players on the ground .
both humans playing on the ground .
there are two players in the grass .
two players outside in the field
the two players were on the ground
two players are next to each other .
the players are tackling .
there is a play playing on the ground .
there are two players in the field .
the players are tied a field .
two people on a ground set .
someone is in a field
two people play in the field .
two people are riding on a field .
two players outside
there are two players and one is playing in the field .
two players on a ground .
-----------------------------


a little baby with dirty fingers and smudges on her face points to her blue eye .
a baby points at her green eye .
contradiction

the little is black is being empty by a puppy .
the little baby is holding a dog in the yard .
the baby is playing with a ball .
the people are eating in a restaurant .
a baby is crawling on the ground .
the baby is cutting a man 's hair .
the little baby is playing in the sand .
the baby is laying down at the altar of the building .
a bird is wearing a cat suit .
the women is playing the flute .
she was alone in her living room .
the baby is napping
a little baby is standing next to an empty doll .
a little little baby is playing with his son in a field .
a baby is reading a book to her .
the baby is crawling down the mountain .
a man is writing a baby he is driving .
the little baby is playing video games .
the baby is wearing a white scarf .
two people are walking along the beach
the baby sleeping .
a small black baby is asleep on the floor .
-----------------------------


a little baby with dirty fingers and smudges on her face points to her blue eye .
a baby is playing in the mud .
neutral

the baby is carrying something to the store .
the baby got his head trimmed up in the bathroom .
the baby is crying .
a baby has her mom 's hair .
a baby is having fun
the baby is laughing
a small baby is smiling to a baby .
a baby is a child who is lost .
an animal is wearing a blue outfit and white hair .
a child is laughing at a joke .
-----------------------------


a little baby with dirty fingers and smudges on her face points to her blue eye .
the baby is dirty .
entailment

a baby being fed on his face .
a baby with face hair is scratching .
a baby is leaning against a blue board .
a baby is unwrapping her face .
the baby has face legs .
the baby has on knees
a baby making a blue hair
a is a baby down to her face .
a small baby has two face her face .
a baby puts his eyes .
the baby is a baby .
a baby is standing on his face .
a child is looking at his face in a face .
a small baby has a face just her face around her .
a little baby is smelling her hair
the baby is in the eyes .
the baby was hanging out .
a baby dressed in a stick is making something with his hair
-----------------------------


a couple sitting in white lawn chairs are smiling at the camera .
a man and woman pose for engagement photos .
neutral

a couple of couples are discussing a wedding .
the picture is made of wood
a couple is taking pictures of each other on the grass .
there are two friends
a photographer is getting two flowers
a couple are taking pictures of the wedding .
there are people drinking alcohol
one couple is waiting to buy a camera .
there is a group of people watching a movie .
a couple is having a picnic together .
a couple exercise for an outdoor grill
the couple are making funny faces at the lawn table .
two lovers have on grass
a couple watches a camera about to get on a bus .
couple are making love outside .
some people are watching a movie in the park .
an asian couple is talking about the camera .
a couple is watching their brother pose on the grass .
the couple posing in front of their friends is sitting .
two friends try to take a picture on a lawn chairs .
the couple is getting ready to go on the lawn .
they are sitting together at the wedding .
the people are eating dinner .
-----------------------------


a couple sitting in white lawn chairs are smiling at the camera .
two people are posing for a photograph .
entailment

a couple chat at the camera .
there is a chairs chairs with a group of people .
there are people in front of the same .
the couple have been talking at the chairs .
the couple is looking at .
there is a couple in front of the white room .
a couple is getting a photo taken .
the couple are outside sitting
the couple is near a chairs chairs .
a couple is sitting down on a lawn chairs .
a couple is happy on a camera .
a couple is outside getting wet .
the couple is sitting in chairs .
a couple of guys are in the chairs room .
two people are telling a camera .
two people are smiling .
a couple is smiling at the camera .
one couple is smiling at a camera .
there is a couple watching the camera .
the couple is outdoors .
a couple is at the lawn chairs .
there are a group of people outside .
the couple sits in front of the chairs .
there is a couple laughing at a camera
a couple have pictures on in lawn chairs .
-----------------------------


a couple sitting in white lawn chairs are smiling at the camera .
a woman is standing alone .
contradiction

the couple is chatting at the bar .
an couple boy is standing in chairs and talking .
the couple walk in the park for the first time .
the couple is at home .
the two friends are laying down .
a couple of a crowd are sitting in the ocean .
the couple is not looking at the camera .
the couple is at a church .
no one is kissing the woman .
a man and woman driving the bus into the sky .
no one is inside a house .
two friends are driving cars .
one man is alone and is taking a picture of a man .
a couple is running fast .
the man had his photo taken in front of the camera
the couple did not move each other .
a man is taking a photo for a good time .
not watched at a man .
the couple are watching tv
the people are sitting in a church .
a couple are washing .
two brothers are riding in a marathon .
an old couple singing in the kitchen .
there are people sleeping in front of a chairs chairs
the couple is sleeping under a green chairs .
people are riding in a car .
the couple are inside
a man is about to jump off a concrete chairs .
the couple is standing next to each other
there are no people around a playground .
a cat is watching a movie in the living room .
two people are running in the rain .
a group of people are yelling together .
-----------------------------


five people are sitting on horses at a rodeo .
a group of people are sitting on horses .
entailment

there are people sitting on horses .
there are group of people outside
five people are sitting in a rodeo .
there are six people at a rodeo .
a bunch of people are on a horse
the group of people are at a rodeo .
several people are sitting by the rodeo .
five people sit outside .
four people are sitting on a rodeo .
five people are outside .
several people are watching a rodeo with the rodeo .
there are six people sitting on horses .
six people are at a rodeo .
there are multiple people working on a group of same horse .
there are many people near the rodeo .
there are people wearing horse together
there are people at the rodeo .
the people are outside in a rodeo .
people look at a rodeo .
there are multiple people present at the rodeo .
there are people riding horses .
there are multiple people at the rodeo .
five people in a sitting at a rodeo .
people at a rodeo at a rodeo .
there are man human sitting
the people are sitting on a rodeo .
some people are in a rodeo .
there are people outside
some group of people are outside
-----------------------------


five people are sitting on horses at a rodeo .
bandits are sitting on horses as they prepare for a robbery .
contradiction

there are no men .
the group of people sit in the grass , drinking .
the group of people are at home sleeping
a group of people jump off the dog in the park .
six kids having a picnic in the park .
a dog eats a bone
the people are alone in the audience
there are people watching a movie
the women sit at the table .
a group of men are swimming in a pool
six people stand in line .
six people are having a picnic on the beach .
four people are watching a movie .
some people are sitting in their hay .
there are no group of people at the pool .
six men are standing up at a basketball game .
the group of people are outside running .
the group of people are swimming in the pool .
there are people sleeping .
naps are asleep .
they are wearing swim grass
some people are playing basketball .
a group of dogs are playing with a ball of yarn .
there are women at the pool
there are dogs chasing horses to the park .
the group of people are running in a park .
a group of dogs are playing basketball on the couch .
-----------------------------


five people are sitting on horses at a rodeo .
a group of cowboys are sitting on horses .
neutral

the group of people are taking their horses to the rodeo .
the men are talking .
some kids on horses ready to take a rodeo .
some friends are hungry for their horses
a group of 5 men are with their horse
the people are wearing their uniforms .
four people are watching the horse .
the men are talking about something .
they are watching a rodeo
five people are having a conversation in a rodeo .
a family sits on a horse and a crowd of people .
people on a horse and having a conversation .
six people are having their horses their horses .
a group of friends set horses at a rodeo
a group of men have become to take a bull .
six people do about to ride a rodeo .
the group of friends sit at a rodeo .
family at a rodeo at their horse watching a rodeo .
family members taking a break from the first time
the men and women are talking to the rodeo .
some people are making a group of horse on the horse .
the group of friends is going to a concert .
-----------------------------


nine women in white robes with hoods walk on plush , green grass .
the woman is alone and asleep in her bedroom .
contradiction

six men stand on the front of their way home .
some women are sitting on a couch .
some woman are sitting down on the ground waiting for food .
six women are at the airport .
the women are surfing .
the women are sitting waiting .
there are no adults by the same green .
the women runs through the forest .
a girl walks on the beach and holding a purple beard .
woman walk on the beach
the women are sitting on the front of a house
the woman dressed in black and has shorts .
some women are shopping in the mall .
the men are talking in the desert .
six men sit on the ground next to a lake .
the men were waiting .
five women are walking on a playground
six men getting ready to run on the beach .
a young woman with jeans on is sitting on the couch .
five women are riding bikes in the park .
the women are sitting on a couch .
five women are running on a swing
the field is empty .
the women is shopping for groceries .
women are walking on a bus .
the women are sitting in the grass and yelling .
five women are shopping
five women are walking on a river
there are women sleeping on a busy street .
the women are at a store .
four female women in white jumpsuits walk on the beach .
four young men walking on the sidewalk .
the women are naked .
five women are riding their bikes on the street .
the woman sleeps in the grass and has a blue beard .
-----------------------------


nine women in white robes with hoods walk on plush , green grass .
the women are wearing flip flops .
neutral

four women walk to work .
the women have on vacation to look at the ocean .
women are outside walking on the phone .
a group of women have just finished their vacation .
the women are heading to the bar .
women are walking to the store
there are six women enjoying the weather .
some people are going to go out on the playground .
four women are walking to the store
seven women are getting their feet on a sunny day .
the group of women are waiting to get a ride on the playground .
the woman is floating in the hot day .
women are dressing up for their family .
it is a cold day for day .
some women are on a date .
the women are cleaning up a green grass .
some women are walk through the carnival day
women are waiting for food
woman walk for exercise
they all have lunch for the day .
everyone on the patio are walking home .
four sad women are on the patio
the women are all following the day .
the women are buying clothes for a friend .
six women are dressed as friends .
the women enjoy the lunch break .
shoveling enjoy the woman and looking at the green grass in the park .
-----------------------------


nine women in white robes with hoods walk on plush , green grass .
the women each have one head .
entailment

some women are wearing white robes .
a group of woman are walking past the grass .
four woman are walking on the walk together .
the woman is wearing hats .
some woman were walking down the grass .
there are multiple people present .
the women were wearing hats .
there are women on the clothes
five female females are walking .
women are next to dirt .
a group of people in white walk on the dress
there are women are walking outdoors .
four women are walking .
of woman are outdoors in the grass .
there are multiple women are outdoors .
there are females in the grass .
six young women with green robe are walking .
there are five women near the grass .
four women outdoors with a green dress .
the women are wearing clothes
there are women in white .
there are multiple people near each other .
the women are wearing clothes .
four women are walking on the clothes .
-----------------------------


a man in a blue shirt is in a lab looking into a microscope .
a man looking into a microscope in a lab
entailment

a man is emotional .
a man wearing a blue shirt and a blue shirt is making a microscope in
a person looks into a microscope in his microscope .
the man is looking at a microscope .
a man is doing a microscope in his lab .
a man looks into a microscope in a lab .
the man is looking into a microscope .
a man is acting by a microscope .
a man is dressed .
a man is looking at something in a microscope .
a man takes a picture on a microscope
a person is wearing a blue shirt and older clothing .
a man is being held by a microscope
a man makes a microscope .
a human using a microscope
a man is looking out a microscope
the man is not asleep .
a person is using a microscope
a person is trying to look at something
the man is making a microscope .
a man in a blue shirt is pointing into a microscope
there is a microscope animal in a lab
a man looks into a microscope in a microscope .
-----------------------------


a man in a blue shirt is in a lab looking into a microscope .
a man is on job in the lab
neutral

the man is in lab lab lab .
a young man is examining a microscope in his lab .
a teacher is working in a lab .
a man is bored about his lab .
the man is hard for his first time .
a sad man in a blue shirt is pointing at a microscope .
a business man is looking into a microscope in his lab lab .
a man is trying to make a test
the man is looking for his friend .
a man is getting his working in a lab
a man is trying to make a test for his wife .
there is an old man in the lab .
a man works in a lab at a college 's party .
a man is at his lab 's doctors working .
a sad man is trying to look at a microscope
a man trying to impress a microscope in a lab .
they are working hard .
-----------------------------


a man in a blue shirt is in a lab looking into a microscope .
a man is sleeping in the park bench
contradiction

a man is sleeping by a microscope
the man is at a concert
the man is naked .
a man is sound asleep .
a woman is working with a camera .
a man is flying past the ocean .
a man is kicking a ball into a microscope .
the woman is looking at a telescope .
the man works on a car .
a man is wearing a white shirt and a blue shirt
the woman is swimming in the pool .
a man in a blue shirt is eating lunch .
a man is watching tv
a dog cuts up a microscope
the man is at home shopping .
there is a woman with a blue shirt in the lab .
a man is stealing his car out of the microscope .
a boy is preparing for a shower .
a boy is chasing his dog .
a man wearing a blue shirt taking a nap into a microscope
a man is riding a bike
the man is watching a movie .
a man reads a textbook inside .
the man is looking at his dog .
the man is running through the park
a man is working in the science project at home .
the man is sleeping in a chair .
a man is taking his dog to the beach .
a man is standing on his ground looking at a microscope .
a man in a blue shirt looks out into a hole .
a man is using his hands in a field .
a woman trying to do a lab
a girl is looking through a microscope
-----------------------------


an indian man walks past a temple on his way to pray .
a man fell into the swimming pool .
contradiction

the woman tries to make a .
the man is napping on the couch .
a white woman walking past a pottery canyon and is sitting down .
the gentlemen is going into the park .
the man is kneeling in the middle of the street .
the woman is watching mice .
a guy is at home .
the gentlemen is snow .
an indian woman sits next to a temple .
the man is sleeping
an asian man is holding a puppy .
the man is eating lunch at the bar .
an indian man is sleeping in a hotel room .
a white man runs to the store to the dog .
the man sits outside the temple
the man walks to the bathroom .
a man is putting his shoes on .
a man in a park plays a game
the man is sitting down at the library .
an asian man is walking in the street
a man is at the circus .
an man singing in a band .
the person is covered in mud .
girl lying down on the floor .
a white man running to the police .
a man is walking his dog in the park .
a man is taking the train to the fair .
there is no indian man in the kitchen .
the woman crosses the sad .
the man sits alone the mother playing .
the man sleeping in the bed .
a man is sleeping in front of a classroom .
the man is running past the through the park .
a white man is watching television in the living room .
the man is sleeping on his couch .
the man is eating lunch .
the man is walking through the park .
an indian man is running to his wife .
a black man is playing with his friends .
an asian man is riding a skateboard .
-----------------------------


an indian man walks past a temple on his way to pray .
a man is heading to his house of worship .
entailment

there is a dark-haired man walking .
the man is walking past an animal .
a man is walking outside
there is a walking gentleman .
this man is walking past a house .
a man is wearing something .
a man is walking in an agility location .
-----------------------------


an indian man walks past a temple on his way to pray .
an indian is on his way to worship .
entailment

a man is next to a temple .
the man is watching a man .
a man is taking his walk in his day .
a indian man is doing something .
the man is walking .
an indian man is walking .
an man is walking outside .
the man is outdoors
a man who is shown is getting the attention of the compound .
-----------------------------


masked actors perform traditional japanese theater .
there is only one person present .
contradiction

the guys have never own a speech .
the signs are empty .
there are no musicians to watch the musicians .
the band is performing a fire .
the actors are performing in a classroom .
the actors are eating dinner
the music performs is in the middle of the ocean .
some clowns performing tricks .
no one practices knives
descends women and men sit down .
two people are jumping from a field .
the hikers have all of their their play at the theater .
the actors stand at a bar in an empty room .
above watching clowns watching the street .
a baby cooking with friends .
these clowns are sitting at their honeymoon .
the famous band is in class .
a boat was grounded .
the people are watching a show .
several people are watching a tv show .
the crowd is watching t.v. .
the audience was taking a test
the people sit alone
the men have no idea in their hand .
all the dancers are performing out of the pool .
the band is fighting with people .
the actors are at the park .
-----------------------------


masked actors perform traditional japanese theater .
there are multiple people present .
entailment

the actors make up
group of students are playing music .
several people are watching a performance .
performers performing on their ability to their performance
there are multiple people working on the stage .
the men are performing
several artist perform a song .
the actors are performing a play .
a group of students play together
a bunch of asian and artists perform in a live .
performers are using their performance .
a man is demonstrating something with his orchestra .
-----------------------------


masked actors perform traditional japanese theater .
they are in japan .
neutral

a bunch of students are trying to make their performance to play music .
they see the man to play the world .
the actors are going finishing a performance .
they enjoy others
the men are performing for a crowd .
these people do their job to play a song
they are performing for the party .
a marching band performing for their job
they two actors are good friends
a group of dressed performers perform an annual test for the concert .
the huge personnel performing .
the musicians are nervous
the actors are performing at the party .
actors at a local opening competing their work .
performers are trying to make money .
three people are competing for a crowd .
performers perform their job for the concert
the yellow reflective the crowd watches the play
the clowns and men are competing in a competition .
these people are looking at their class to play music .
the military tricks are being held up a small crowd .
performers are getting ready for a wedding .
-----------------------------


a man in a green celtic sleeveless jersey shirt and short stone washed jean shorts sitting and eating .
the man is wearing a cowboys jersey .
contradiction

the man is on a boat .
the man is sitting on the couch
a woman deep house
the man is running through the park .
a fish eats birds
a man is sleeping on the bench
a man wearing a green shirt sleeps in his office room , and looking at
a man is baking cookies for his family .
a man with a dog in the sand .
a woman is having his picture taken at the park .
a woman is watching television .
a woman with a blue shirt sleeps at her office table
the lady wearing a green shirt is watching tv
the man is not clothed
a woman is cooking at a table .
a man in a red shirt plays the drums .
a man is baking his cookies .
the man is driving on the street .
a girl dressed in a green shirt is drinking a soda on the beach .
a man is at home .
a man eating his lunch in his kitchen .
a man is swimming in an pool
the man is swimming indoors .
a man is sitting on the grass
two people play video games together .
a man sleeping his dog .
a man is running around the park with his friends
a man is sleeping in his bed
a man is wearing a red collar to his friends .
a young man is relaxing in his living room .
a man and his green shirt playing in a park .
a man is crying because his shirt is red .
-----------------------------


a man in a green celtic sleeveless jersey shirt and short stone washed jean shorts sitting and eating .
the man is a celtics fan .
neutral

the old man is barbecuing on his job .
the man works in a restaurant and is working .
the man is relaxing in the shade of a park .
a man is cleaning his dishes hunting outdoors
the man is a mason .
a man is eating the meal for his family .
the man is waiting for his friend .
a man is about to go out of his house .
a father and son are bored
the man is eating at the park .
a man wearing shorts and shorts holds the stone flag on his birthday .
the man is at the park .
the man is a business star .
there is a man eating breakfast at his job .
a man is at the park .
a man and his friends are enjoying the day .
a man wearing green shorts and a green green shirt eating garbage for a family
-----------------------------


a man in a green celtic sleeveless jersey shirt and short stone washed jean shorts sitting and eating .
the man is having a meal .
entailment

a man sits in his shirt .
the man was eating
a man is out of nature .
a man in green shorts sits next to a stone and ready to eat .
a man is eating .
a man is having a drink
a man is eating outside .
a guy in a green shirt is eating some food
a man is eating .
-----------------------------


a middle-aged man 's shaving his beard in a room with white walls which does n't look like a bathroom .
a man sleeps
contradiction

a man is with a green razor on his head .
a dark haired man is playing video games in his home .
an old man is swinging on a trampoline at the park .
the man is at home .
the man is shooting a young man
a girl eats pizza
a man is resting on a concrete concrete at a restaurant .
the man is looking at the birds
a man is resting on the sidewalk .
the man is chopping firewood .
no one is making ice cream .
a man with a beard is standing at his desk .
a young girl is taking a nap .
a woman uses the nail on her face .
a man is doing a flip on the bed .
the man is swimming in the ocean .
a boy with no facial hair reads a book .
a woman cutting up her head to the floor .
a woman watches as she slices her beard .
the man in the suit is eating dinner .
the person is bald .
the old man is building a concrete room
a man is making an airplane .
a girl cuts her beard
a woman eats a cake .
a man with blonde hair is asleep at home .
a man is naked while in the ocean .
a man is shooting a gun 's own cake .
the business worker is wearing a pink beard and crying .
a man is taking off his beard in the park .
a young man is sleeping at his desk .
-----------------------------


a middle-aged man 's shaving his beard in a room with white walls which does n't look like a bathroom .
a man is shaving
entailment

there are young man in the room
a man is making a beard .
a man wears clothes is being held in a room with his beard .
a bearded man is helping with the white room with his beard .
the man is picking clothes .
the man relaxes in the room
a man is putting something
the man covers a beard
one man has a beard and teeth .
a man getting his beard
a man is looking at his beard in a room with a white face .
there is an apron in the room .
an old man is shaving his head .
a man is wearing a suit and a white scarf .
someone is having a beard and a man with hair
a man is fixing his beard on .
someone is wearing a white shirt and white paint .
-----------------------------


a middle-aged man 's shaving his beard in a room with white walls which does n't look like a bathroom .
a man is getting ready for work
neutral

man doing a trick for his talent with his family .
a man is getting ready for his family .
the man is a business star .
a guy who is depicted is putting on a new project
a man sweeps to make a beard
the man is taking a break from work .
a man shows off his beard for his family .
he does a beard for his job .
the man is curious about the news about the game .
a man got his job for a job .
the man likes to make his beard .
the man is studying in the room .
the veteran applies is an artist
a man is getting a beard on for a picture
a man looks for his head in a room with his head to work .
the man is putting on a big tattoo .
a man is ready for the first time
the man is ready for an art party .
a man is a famous man
a man is getting his beard done for a show .
a man is thinking about his beard .
a man has placed his head on his head to a family 's face .
-----------------------------


young man walking dog
the man is walking his cat .
contradiction

a young man is cycling down the hill .
old people sleeping on a park bench .
a man is washing his cat in his bedroom .
there 's a man who is crying in the sand .
grandfather is cleaning the floor
the young man is sleeping .
a man is taking his cat .
a woman carrying a cat in the kitchen .
young man sitting in a park .
a woman dances for a group of children .
a young girl is sitting on her dog .
the man is an artist and singing into the radio .
a girl is walking .
a boy laying on the couch
the petting dog is sleeping .
a young girl is holding a dog .
an old woman is playing with her dog .
a man is jogging in the park .
a young man is flying to a plane .
a young man rides a skateboard up the street .
the man is standing at the dentist .
cow climbing a man .
the man is chasing a dog
a man is playing soccer .
an old woman is sitting on the couch .
the woman cries as the dog .
the man is standing on the couch .
someone is sitting on the couch watching tv .
a man rides his dog through a field .
a boy is sitting by the fireplace with his friends .
the young person is sleeping in bed .
a young man is sitting on a chair with his dog .
a young woman listens with his dog .
a man is in his car on the street .
a man is throwing his cat in his board .
a young man is standing in front of a river .
the young man is pushing a cart .
-----------------------------


young man walking dog
the man is training the dog .
neutral

the young man is wearing a helmet .
the man is walking with his dog in the field .
a man is being watched by his dog to get to the store .
the man is an important man
one man is traveling the dog to his friend .
a man in a t-shirt is going to his dog to get to the other
the young man is fishing in his mouth .
the young man is the dog on the street .
a young man in a walk in a park .
the young man is trying to the best .
someone is walking with his dog to get to the store .
the young man is heading a black dog .
a man is walking his dog to his dog .
the man is going to get milk .
the young man walking fast fast .
the man is wearing a black shirt with his dog .
a man is walking his child to the store .
a young man in a park with a collar walking .
-----------------------------


young man walking dog
the man is with his dog .
entailment

a young man is walking .
a man is holding an animal
a man in a hat and is walking .
a man walks with his dog
a man is walking their dog .
a person is walking with his dog
a man is carrying a dog .
a man watches a dog .
young man on a animal behind a dog .
two people ride a dog .
a man with an animal walks a dog .
the man is walking .
a man is walking with a dog .
a human is walking another dog .
there is a man walking his dog
a man is handling a dog outside .
the man is going for a walk
-----------------------------


a large house with three stories and 3 matching balconies , with one person standing on each balcony overlooking onlookers .
the house has balconies .
entailment

a large is on the balcony .
someone is by an group of people .
a few people are not blind .
a person is near some people .
there is a large house .
there is a person stands still outdoors .
a large person stands on the balcony .
a person is being watched by some people
a person is standing outdoors in front of people
a group of people holding hands are standing on the balcony .
a group of people stands next to a large house .
a group of people holding something and wearing one has a building .
there is a crowded fountain with two toys .
someone is in the city .
a large house is being built by a house .
a large building is being pulled over by a person on the balcony .
the person is standing
a large house with a group of people in a house .
the group of people are indoors .
there are people in the picture .
the group of people were standing on a hallway .
two people watch at a building .
a large house is being taken by three people .
the person is in a group of people .
the person is standing up
-----------------------------


a large house with three stories and 3 matching balconies , with one person standing on each balcony overlooking onlookers .
the house is by the beach .
neutral

the man is considering a speech .
a large big group of people are protesting .
the large group of people look for the first time .
several people are standing in front of the new york building .
a man stands on the sunny day to get for a family .
the person is a clown .
a person is reading the jesus standing .
a woman is taking pictures of a child .
one of the lights girl just won a parade
the woman is waiting on a walk for the first time .
a man is standing under a building for a wedding
the man is waiting for his friend to get on the ocean .
the large group of people have just won a work .
a large room full of people for their boss to look at people .
a large house is underway in a painting project .
the person is waiting for something to get on the street .
a big person hanging from a stream .
a group is waiting for someone to get on the side of the building .
-----------------------------


a large house with three stories and 3 matching balconies , with one person standing on each balcony overlooking onlookers .
the house is single storied .
contradiction

a group of people are watching television .
there was a women walking
a person wearing blue is holding a dead dog in the park .
a man with no legs is standing on a sunny day .
a group of fire the street are empty .
a group of fish is standing on the couch watching tv .
everyone is standing outside .
a man is at home sleeping
the person is sitting next to a large house .
a man has his head on a wall and wall .
a man is on a plane in the park .
the person is sitting in a chair .
this person is watching tv
the women are sitting on the balcony .
the group of men are fishing
a man is reading a book .
the man is sitting down and looks at the street .
a large building with old man stands on the couch .
a man making a baseball at the park .
a woman watches a movie .
a large brick building with three wheels
an adult man plays cards with a bunch of people .
a man is digging his yard
the person is sitting at the park .
a large building with men walking by .
she is watching tv .
a person is reading on a window .
a man is climbing a tree .
no one is standing at the monument .
people in a park are looking at a camera .
they are sitting in a house sitting
the group of friends were sitting at the local house .
-----------------------------


one woman with a dark coat on walking by herself in a city .
the woman is outdoors .
entailment

a female is walking
there are people present .
woman walk .
a woman in a coat walking through a city .
there is a woman and a man in a crosswalk .
woman are walking by a city .
the woman is talking to each other .
there is one woman in this picture
there are woman wearing orange coat .
there is a woman walking across a city .
two humans in a city .
the woman is wearing a coat .
a woman in a coat is taking a walk .
a women walking with a woman on a street
a woman with a coat walking by a city .
a woman is having an outside in a city .
there is a woman walking by a street .
some people on a city walk together .
a woman is walking
a woman with a dark coat walking by a city .
a woman is crossing the street .
there are humans viewing around walking .
on woman walk by an man .
there are two women in the city .
a woman in a coat is getting her picture taken by a woman .
a woman is holding an item .
-----------------------------


one woman with a dark coat on walking by herself in a city .
the woman is walking on a sidewalk .
neutral

a woman at a city street has a sunny day .
the woman is shopping .
a woman is walking to the store .
the woman is asian .
the lady with the coat walking by her way to a store in the city
the woman is afraid of the woman .
a woman was watching to go to a party
the woman is walking to the .
the woman is going to work .
a woman walking her dog .
woman walk with her friends .
a woman and her boyfriend in a city .
a mother is getting married by her .
a woman and her friends are getting a walk .
-----------------------------


one woman with a dark coat on walking by herself in a city .
the woman is standing in a building .
contradiction

the woman is sitting on a couch .
a woman is sitting on the ground .
a woman in a coat and a coat is sitting next to her way
a woman is watching the movie at the theater .
a man is walking on the street
the men are asleep
the dog is wearing a pink coat .
a clown juggles with a white coat .
the woman eats a sandwich .
a woman is at the movies .
a man is showing off for a child in a city .
the women are sitting down .
a women is taking the bus in the street .
the woman is sitting in her bed watching tv .
the women have a man on the beach .
a man is out his dog in the country .
a woman and man are swimming in the lake .
a boy is talking to her friend .
the women are sitting .
a woman in a green coat is trying to sell a new bag of coffee
the woman is sitting in a park .
a woman in a purple coat and a coat is sitting next to her .
woman sit in front of the city
a woman got the broken lane .
a woman dressed in a green coat is sitting down to the party .
a woman in a purple coat and a coat is sitting on the bench at
the women are sleeping .
the woman is at the party .
a woman walking by himself .
the man is alone in her eyes and looks at her .
the woman is standing in the street .
a woman is swimming with her friends .
-----------------------------


a man with a hat , boots , and brown pants , is playing the violin outside in front of a black structure .
a man is playing the violin .
entailment

a man performing an instrument
the man is wearing a hat and pants
a man is playing a violin
a man is playing a violin
a guy with a hat plays the violin .
a man fills his violin
the man was playing an instrument .
a man is playing the violin
the man is active
the man is outside in front of a white surface .
a man is playing an instrument .
a man is dressed up .
a person in a shirt and blue pants is in front of a black structure
the man plays a violin .
a man is playing the violin
a man is playing the violin .
the man is playing violin .
a male playing an instrument
a man plays the violin
there is a man playing an instrument .
a person with an eye hat is playing the violin .
the man is wearing a hat .
a man playing an instrument .
a man with a hat is playing an instrument .
-----------------------------


a man with a hat , boots , and brown pants , is playing the violin outside in front of a black structure .
a street performer is playing the violin , hoping for donations .
neutral

a man gets ready to play the violin .
a man is playing his cello at a concert .
a man performs for his audience .
a man plays the violin at the park .
a sad man is playing the violin in front of a white surface .
a man is holding his violin for a crowd .
the man is part of a church .
a sad man is holding an instrument in front of a white surface .
a man is reaching for the first time
the man is playing for the game .
an adult is performing for a audience .
the man is going to get in a work .
a man is trying to play music on his cello .
a man is playing the piano for his friends .
a man plays the violin for the crowd
the man performs for his audience .
a man playing the violin at his concert .
a young man is playing for his friends
the man is playing violin for a large crowd .
the man is a professional singer .
-----------------------------


two people embrace on the end of a dock .
these two are a married couple .
neutral

two friends are standing together waiting for the platform .
a couple men are hungry and get a ball in the water .
two people with their arms on the side of the dock and are too fast
two people are taking a break .
the man and woman were on vacation
two people are being photographed for a picture of a man .
two people are trying to get to the dock .
two people going on vacation
some people are wearing an orange , suit .
two people are on their lunch break .
two people have just lost the dock .
they are performing together .
two brothers are playing on the dock .
two friends are having fun on the pier .
two brothers are walking on the river to a lake .
two people have just got out of the water .
two married people are checking out a dock .
two people are going to go home .
a group of people were giving their job
two sad people ride on the dock .
the are people getting ready to go on the dock .
two people wearing different clothing are standing on the side of the dock
two people walk in the rain .
two people are trying to get .
two people going on vacation
the couple share the dock has a drink .
two young people on a dock are smiling
the people have just won .
the couple is traveling down the dock .
people on a boat for their lunch .
two people are on the dock for the first time .
there are two people fishing at the dock in the water .
people are trying to play together .
the man and woman are showing the two people who are .
-----------------------------


two people embrace on the end of a dock .
two people are near the water .
entailment

two people have on their side of the dock .
people are outside
people are gathered together outside .
two people are leaning on a dock .
two people are on a dock .
people are walking outdoors .
two people get a ride .
there are people sitting in a dock .
there are people giving a . .
two people are outside .
the people are behind the dock .
two people ride the dock .
two people with each other
two people are smiling .
two people are walking
two people with a dock
two people were leaning on the dock .
two people are talking .
a crowd is by a dock .
people have on a dock .
-----------------------------


two kids are standing in the ocean hugging each other .
two kids are outdoors .
entailment

two kids are standing in the ocean .
two kids are outside with an object .
two kids are near the ocean .
some children are standing in the water
two kids are by the water
the kids are standing on the water .
a couple kids wearing the same color of the ocean .
two kids are next to the ocean .
two kids are standing by their surroundings
the kids have their picture taken .
there are children enjoying the water
the kids were near the ocean .
the children are looking outside .
the kids are standing in the ocean .
two children visiting the beach
two kids on the water
some kids are looking at the water
the children are near the ocean .
kids are in a ocean next to each other .
some children are planning the water at the ocean .
there are two kids dressed as another .
the children are outdoors
the people in the ocean have their feet .
two kids are near the ocean
-----------------------------


two kids are standing in the ocean hugging each other .
the children are playing basketball .
contradiction

two children are jumping into the ocean .
the two kids are sitting on the couch .
kids sleep at their home
two children are asleep
dinosaurs are working hard in the ocean .
the children are riding a train .
two kids are looking through a large plane .
two children are jumping .
the kids are skydiving
are people are sitting in the grass .
the kids are sitting down in the ocean .
the boys are not wearing anything .
a man watches his wife play on the beach .
the girls sit on a couch .
everyone is standing indoors .
the kids are sleeping on the ocean
adults are trying to get out of the water .
the two kids are by an empty water .
two kids are fighting .
cat was in the ocean
two children are running in the rain .
two children are jumping rope at the beach .
two kids are jumping on the beach
the boys and the girls are laying down .
two children inside
two small children are naked
they are waiting for the bus .
the boys sit in front of the ocean .
the children are riding in a car .
the kids are standing up watching tv .
the kids are watching television
the kids stand in the water watching a movie .
kids sleeping together
two kids are swimming together .
the kids are driving a car .
the kids are hiking .
two kids climb a tree .
two children are sitting on the beach .
one of the kids were in the room watching the two kids .
two kids are sleeping by the fire .
two children are standing in the sand
-----------------------------


two kids are standing in the ocean hugging each other .
two kids enjoy their day at the beach .
neutral

two kids in their dads are enjoying the ocean
the boys in the ocean are friends .
there are boys standing by the ocean
two kids dressed in red are standing close to their favorite .
two kids are getting on a sunny day .
two kids have just bought in the ocean .
the parents enjoy the water .
two girls are having a dress
two kids are watching a movie at the ocean .
the kids are waiting to cross the water .
two friends hold hands as they walk into the ocean .
two kids are waiting for a ride
a couple kids have an audience in a race .
the children have a family on their favorite honeymoon .
two kids with their arms out are standing by their parents .
two kids are hugging each other on the atlantic ocean .
some children are watching a movie in the water .
sisters smile at their surroundings
two kids are waiting for a taxi to get .
two siblings are standing together for the first time .
two children are waiting to get on a boat .
two children are trying to find a movie
the two kids are waiting to go home .
the kids are planning on their first performance
the children are going to go swimming .
the kids are planning the nearest of the ocean .
one of the kids is black and black .
-----------------------------


a crowd of people are watching hot air balloons inflate .
people watching hot air balloons inflating .
entailment

there are people at the hot air balloons .
there are some people for the balloon .
group of people preparing balloons
there are people in the crowd .
some people stand in a crowd of people in the air
there are people gathered outdoors .
people surround snow are in the air .
a crown with people are on the hot air balloons and a group of people
a city group of people are getting wet .
the group is near the hot air balloon .
the people are using a display .
there are peoples in the hot air balloon .
the people walk by the balloons are wet .
the hot air balloon is over by a group of people .
the people watch the hot air balloon .
the hot air balloons stand around the hot air balloon .
the people are looking at water .
a bunch of crowd are in the air
some people are in the hot air balloon .
there is some people with the hot air balloon .
the people are in the hot air balloon .
the crowd of people watch the hot air balloon .
-----------------------------


a crowd of people are watching hot air balloons inflate .
one person watching a plane prepare for a sky diving trip .
contradiction

the mime of people are riding horses .
no one is excited .
a bunch of players are not looking at the air .
no one is outside of the blue balloons
the people are riding on a car .
a group of people are reading books .
no one is going on in the hot air balloons .
a mime watches the air balloons on the ground .
a group of people are learning to play tennis
there are people sleeping after work .
the people are flying in a plane .
a crowd watches the ground of the city skyline .
the group of people are running through the forest and the balloons are too hot
only the people is holding balloons
they are camping on the city city .
a little boy runs around
a bunch of kids are at a basketball game .
there are people sleeping in their bed
a bunch of people are riding on a bus in the city .
the city group is at the mall .
no one is taking in an ice skating .
a little boy and his friends are learning the plane .
one person is pointing at the air ship .
these people are watching a movie
the group of kids are running around the air ship .
many people run through the field
a single person watches the balloons of people inside .
a large group of people are inside watching tv .
no one is gathered to watch the fire on the hot day .
a man eats his sandwich
they are naked
-----------------------------


a crowd of people are watching hot air balloons inflate .
people watching hot air balloons inflating to prepare for a trip .
neutral

many people watch a hot air party for the first time .
several people watch the hot air balloons for an education education education education .
people watch hot air balloons for a big fish .
many people watch the hot air balloons for a party
some people are learning about sports in the hot air balloon .
a bunch of people are getting wet for a competition .
a crowd of people are using finishing finishing finishing finishing finishing training .
the group of people have hot dogs for the hot air balloons .
the hot air balloon is on the side of the city .
the individuals like to play in the hot air balloons are almost .
a large crowd are cheering for the first time
the group of people are watching a tennis match on the hot air balloon .
a child is playing at a hot air balloon
some people in air are about to go on the hot air balloon .
the crowd of people are about to start dives .
the hot air balloon are making for a fire party .
-----------------------------


a little girl with a hat sits between a woman 's feet in the sand in front of a pair of colorful tents .
the girl is wearing a hat .
entailment

a little girl is wearing a hat
a young girl is being creative .
a woman and a woman are outside sitting .
a girl on a chair has a hat .
her hat is wet
there is kids with a hat on
a woman is sitting on a woman in front of a woman in front of
a girl is wet
a little girl is in the sand near a sand sculpture .
there are people outside
a girl is sitting on a woman outside .
a human sitting
the little girl is holding an animal .
there are three women .
there is a child playing outside .
-----------------------------


a little girl with a hat sits between a woman 's feet in the sand in front of a pair of colorful tents .
the girl and woman are inside .
contradiction

there is a little girl standing on a beach .
the woman and child in a church .
a child is asleep in his bed .
the little girl ran down the beach .
the women are reading books .
one girl throws a frisbee in the sand .
the girl is standing
a girl goes for a walk .
a blonde girl standing on the beach , and a woman is standing .
there are two girl sitting on a couch .
two people are swimming in the sand .
the woman is naked
the little girl is laying down after bed .
a little girl is playing with an empty red and black hat .
a woman is standing alone .
the girl is sitting in the sand , but a man is sitting .
a boy is looking on a woman on a sunny day .
they are sitting in a chair .
two girls wearing no clothes are sitting on the beach .
the woman and a boy are driving a car .
the child is sitting in a empty room of a woman .
the girl is standing up .
a girl cries as she is dancing .
a girl plays the young boy at the beach .
the man is sitting down with a woman in front of her .
a girl is sleeping after school .
the girl and woman are in a nice restaurant .
a girl plays on her pink floor
she stands near a man in a hat .
-----------------------------


a little girl with a hat sits between a woman 's feet in the sand in front of a pair of colorful tents .
the girl is related to the woman .
neutral

the woman is a professional .
a mother and daughter on her first of a woman in the sand .
the girl might have a bow
a mother is making a child play with her daughter .
a little girl is at the beach
the woman is watching a woman play with her friend .
someone is looking for her child .
she likes to be in the sand .
some little girls with a red hat on a woman is standing by a girl
a girl is sitting in the sand looking for her friend .
a girl is standing with her daughter and are looking for a nap .
the girl is sitting on the beach .
a little girl in a red hat and red hat is playing with her son
the two sisters are on a date .
a little girl is waving at a woman .
a mother and daughter play at the beach
the women are watching the girl how to play with her .
the little girl is on a date .
a little girl and a woman are playing together .
a mother and her daughter are whispering a girl .
a girl is making a girl for her friend .
an girl sitting in the sand and two people are getting ready for bed .
there are women outdoors watching a girl play .
a young girl watches a woman with a hat on and a sunny day .
a little girl with a hat and fluffy trays for his daughter
a girl is holding a girl on a sand beach .
the girl thought shows the her owner .
a girl is brushing her hat at the beach .
a woman is helping her daughter with her new red tent on the beach .
-----------------------------


a dog licks his nose .
a dog is licking his nose .
entailment

a dog watches a human with a nose .
the dog is holding something .
a dog
a dog is covered in its mouth
the dog was thrown a nose .
a dog is wearing a dog .
a dog holds its mouth is carrying his nose .
a dog has his mouth hair
a dog is holding something
a person is throwing his nose
-----------------------------


a dog licks his nose .
a brown dog is licking his nose .
neutral

a dog is about to play a game of his nose out .
the dog is trying to catch a stick .
the dog is wearing jeans .
a brown dog is raking his mouth .
a dog wearing a blue dog is trying to get his ball .
a little boy is chewing on the nose .
a dog is big
the dog loves .
a dog is practicing for a competition .
the dog is a poodle .
a puppy prepares to find his owner to play in the park .
a dog making a licks and the dog is trying to get to him .
the dog is carrying its mouth out of the water .
a dog chewing to get out .
a golden retriever is about to get a bone
the dog is big .
a dog is preparing to get a bone
a dog with his nose back after a duck
a dog makes a new bone .
the dog is a woman
a dog prepares to play with a bone
a dog is really the owner
a dog 's his arm are carrying a blue bear .
a dog tosses his arm in his owner .
a dog 's nose is a female .
a dog wearing his shirt is playing with a bone boy .
a dog is celebrating a birthday .
a dog is happy
-----------------------------


a dog licks his nose .
a cat is licking his fur .
contradiction

a cat is cutting the neck of the grass .
a cat is begging for a stick .
a dog playing with a ball .
a dog is riding a pink cat .
the cat is barking
cat looks at its cat
a pet is chasing a cat .
a boy jumps to be thrown by a cat .
a monkey and a cat are in the same field .
a dog lays in the yard
a dog laying on a bed
the dog is resting
a dog is resting in his mouth on the ground .
a cat watches his owner play in the ocean .
a dog lays on the beach .
the cat is digging a hole .
the dog is taking a nap .
a cat is taking a nap
the dog is sleeping
dog sleeping in his bed
the dog is actually sleeping .
the dog is sleeping inside .
a cat is carrying an owners owner .
a dog is laying in bed .
a cat with a tail is carrying a person .
the bird is working at the computer .
the dog rests beside the dog .
dog chases a ball .
a cat catching its owners .
the dog is chasing a rabbit .
a dog sleeps on the ground
a dog has his mouth hair and is swimming in the lake .
a dog rides a bike along the beach .
-----------------------------


a man and women are dancing together on the street .
a cat is hissing at something .
contradiction

three people make salads .
two boys and man dancing for the audience
a man and a woman have a conversation with their family .
two people in a room together .
no one is holding a man .
a group of friends are standing up in the sand .
a couple are dancing with a man in a field .
a couple is making an ice cream burrito in the street .
the man is at the club to do a trick .
a boy ice cream on the street .
the man is eating his lunch .
the man and woman are in a field .
a couple is eating at a table in a field .
a man and woman climbing a tree .
the couple are eating dinner .
a couple is at home .
two people kissing on a playground .
people are sitting down carrying their hands .
a group of people are laughing and taking a nap .
a group of people play basketball
a man and woman are eating on the floor .
both people are dancing on a boat .
the man and woman are at the beach .
two people are making a pillow .
a man is alone on his way to his car
dancing in a room .
a man and woman are fighting over a small crowd .
some people are watching tv .
a man is getting his tattoo out of the pool .
the man and woman are in a church .
the couple are motionless on the street .
a man and woman are putting on makeup at the bar .
the man and woman are talking in a field .
the man and woman are doing a school school play in the park .
the people are sleep at home .
a couple boys are watching tv .
the man and women are alone in the middle of the street
the couple are on a motorcycle .
a man and woman are watching a movie in the dark and another man watches
the woman and women sit in the street
the man and woman are taking a nap
a couple are together sleeping on the couch .
the couple are walking through the park .
the man and women are listening to the man at the beach .
-----------------------------


a man and women are dancing together on the street .
a man and woman are dancing together in the rain .
neutral

the man and women are making for a wedding .
a couple taking a break to take a walk on the street .
a man and woman are having fun together .
two people are dancing for a crowd .
a man and woman are trying to play a game .
a couple dance with an audience .
the couple are performing with a group .
they are married
a couple dances with an audience
the couple are sisters
the man and woman are showing their new dancing on the street .
a couple of ladies are practicing for a concert .
a man and woman are dancing as the man talks to his parents .
the people are enjoying themselves at the park .
a father and woman are doing a dance dance .
the couple are married .
a young couple dancing with their children in the street
a man and woman dance in front of a large crowd
the group of people were performing for an audience .
a man and his wife are laughing and they 're bad .
two people wearing all shirts are performing in the street
the husband and her children are dancing for a large crowd .
a man and woman are performing for an audience to the same time .
the two people are gay and performing for money .
a couple performs a dance show .
the couple is wearing matching shirts .
a husband and wife are dancing
a man and woman are dancing to the man 's house .
a man and woman are dancing at a concert
a man and his wife are dancing with their partners
-----------------------------


a man and women are dancing together on the street .
a man and woman are dancing together .
entailment

a man and women are dancing in the street
some people dancing together
a man and woman with a woman dances .
a man and woman on the street
several people dancing together
there is a man and women dancing .
there are people dancing
the man and woman are dancing .
several people dance in the street .
a woman and a man are dancing .
two people performing on the street .
the couple of people are performing in the street .
a man is dancing outside
there are dancers in the street .
people pose with each other .
there are people enjoying the street .
a man and woman dances together and performing .
someone and woman are outdoors .
two people are dancing .
there are people moving .
a man and woman are performing on a street .
there are people dancing
people are under public .
people are dancing outdoors
there are people dancing
two people are at a street .
a couple dances on the street
there are people dancing outdoors .
-----------------------------


a brown dog is laying on his side on a beige carpet , with a green object in the foreground .
the dog has his favorite toy next to him as he lay down .
neutral

a dog lays in his bedroom after a long day of work .
a boy is taking a nap after his owner 's .
dog waiting to get on a beach
a brown lab catches a stick
a brown dog is trying to catch a stick
a dog is barking on a stick .
a brown dog with a cane is laying on a sunny day in the foreground
the poodle is a brown .
a dog likes to play in the distance .
the dog is sleeping next to a friend .
a brown dog has an owner for his owner
a brown dog is getting wet on a sunny day .
a brown dog is near his owner 's owner 's owner .
the dog is retrieving a stick .
the dog was outdoors about to play in the foreground .
a dog is getting his head trimmed .
the dog is on the same sunny day .
a dog is about to find his owner .
a dog is returning a bath
the dog is big .
the dog is going to work
-----------------------------


a brown dog is laying on his side on a beige carpet , with a green object in the foreground .
the dog is dead .
contradiction

a cat is trying to get his hair done .
a cat sleeps on the couch
there are no dogs at the park .
the cat eats a cat .
a dog is swimming in the ocean .
a brown cat is laying on the porch playing pool .
two dogs are inside watching tv .
a white dog is sitting at a desk with a green object in the foreground
a white dog is swimming in the water
a dog is chewing on the ground
the cat is lying down on the grass .
the dog is laying under the earth at the ocean .
a cat is jumping
a white dog is resting her face on a white tent .
a brown dog walks on the grass with a red banner on his face .
the brown dog is squeezing their face on the ground .
a brown dog ran through the forest on a sunny day .
a cat is riding on a pink backpack .
a black dog does n't balance on a carpet .
a man is sitting on the couch
a dog is rolling up the stairs
a cat is lying on a chair .
a brown dog is playing with a ball on the street .
the dog is sitting by the fire .
a white dog in a fluffy dog laying down .
a brown dog is eating an apple
a brown cat is swimming in the ocean .
a brown dog is sleeping on the sofa
the dog was watching tv
a white dog is sipping a beer .
the cat is standing .
a cat is drinking from a duck
a dog is painting the wall of a house .
the cat is being watched by his owner .
the brown dog sits alone in the living room .
the cat is making a steak .
a brown dog is catching a frisbee .
a cat is shaking the open air .
-----------------------------


a girl with brown hair and a brown shirt is building a gingerbread house .
the girl is going to eat the gingerbread house after she finishes it .
neutral

the girl is a friend
an angry girl is wearing hair .
the girl is talking about a house .
a girl cooks a child
a girl is making cookies for a new house .
a girl is making a halloween for the party .
the girl is performing a play of a new house .
the girl is hot chocolate .
she is getting ready for a job .
the girl tries to fix the house .
a girl is about to make a new cake .
the girl is fixing an apple .
a young girl is about to work on a house .
a girl is going to school
a girl is fixing a new garden .
a girl is having a conversation about her new business .
a girl is trying to make a new dress .
a young girl is trying to make a new cake .
-----------------------------


a girl with brown hair and a brown shirt is building a gingerbread house .
the girl has blonde hair .
contradiction

a young boy is changing a book .
an girl is wearing a blue shirt .
the girl is wearing a pink shirt .
a girl is asleep at home .
a girl is building a snowman .
girl sits alone
the girl is running .
the girl is eating a banana .
she is naked and watching tv .
a young woman is making the mini house .
someone is sitting on the ground in a field .
a girl is at the mall .
the man is sitting on a bench in the grass .
a woman cooks a cake .
a girl is eating
a man is getting a haircut at the local house .
a dog is having fun
the woman wearing a basketball cap is watching the woman play in the house .
a girl wearing red hair holds a dog 's head .
a little girl is breaking beads .
a girl is inside a mall basket .
the woman gets on the plane
a girl is playing cards .
the girl is wearing a pink shirt and red shoes .
a woman is eating lunch .
the floor is sleeping
a girl , wearing a black shirt and a brown shirt is eating lunch .
the woman is wearing the nice tan pants .
a young girl is taking her school school .
a girl is wearing a green shirt
a girl in brown clothes is holding a shovel .
a girl is dancing .
the girl is learning how to ride a bike .
a girl in brown pants is sitting and watching tv
the girl is eating ice cream
-----------------------------


a girl with brown hair and a brown shirt is building a gingerbread house .
the girl has brown hair .
entailment

a female
a female is sitting and holding an object .
a female human is standing
a girl is near some bedroom .
a girl has brown hair
a young girl is holding something .
a girl with brown hair and a brown shirt holds a marble building .
-----------------------------


a black dog in front of a waterfall .
a dog is in front of a waterfall .
entailment

a dog in front of a waterfall
a pooch on a waterfall
a black dog in front of it .
animal wears
a black dog is under the water .
a black dog is outside
the black dog is looking outside .
a dog is wearing clothes
a black dog is out in the air .
a black dog is outdoors .
there 's a dog .
-----------------------------


a black dog in front of a waterfall .
a dog is dancing while it rains .
contradiction

a cat jumps to find a child to get in his owner 's .
a black dog is fishing in a lake .
a black dog sleeps in front of a waterfall .
a black dog in the shade yard .
a black dog is sitting in the grass .
a cat is running in the front of a waterfall .
a dog is barking at a woman .
a black dog is chasing a squirrel .
dog sleeps outdoors
a cat is surfing in the ocean
the dogs sits under a master .
a cat is carrying a stick to its owner .
a cat is sitting on his chair sleeping .
a cat is eating birds .
the dog is dead
a black dog jumps into a large park to get a bone .
dog has a cat on the floor .
a dog is dead
a black dog is napping on the bed .
a dog is watching a cat with a mouse .
there is a white dog sitting quietly by a waterfall .
the dog is looking sleeping .
a black dog and a stick are taking a bath .
a dog is buried by the waterfall
a cat is sitting in a small tank .
a cat is pulling a waterfall in front of a waterfall .
a white dog runs off the waterfall .
a dog chasing a cat in the park .
a black dog sleeps in front of a waterfall .
a black dog is sleeping after a big stick .
the small black dog is sleeping in the grass .
a black dog is sitting outside the waterfall looking at a waterfall .
-----------------------------


a black dog in front of a waterfall .
a dog is drinking from a stream .
neutral

a dog is barking at the waterfall .
there is a small dog with a ball in her hand .
a dog shows off his birthday
a dog is trying to get a bone for the water .
the poodle is old .
a black dog is biting the waterfall
a dog is watching a metal .
the black dog is digging a large waterfall
the dog is looking at the waterfall
a black dog is trying to climb into a pond .
the dog will win the golden waterfall .
the dog is playing a game of fetch .
an animal is picking up fish for a boy .
puppy looks at the waterfall
a black dog has a stick in his hand .
a dog wants a rock for a rock tournament
the dog did not have any its owner .
a black dog is getting ready for the race .
the dog is very warm .
a black dog is looking for the first time in front of a waterfall .
a black dog is biting the in front of a waterfall .
the dog in the park is looking for something .
an animal is hunting for a friend .
a dog is having a friends parents .
a black dog is the other .
a black dog is about to plant .
-----------------------------


a group of power workers at the site of a car crash .
a car has crashed into a power pole .
neutral

a group of workers are fixing the car on the way of the car .
the workers are female .
workers waiting for the store .
the workers are taking a break from their next place .
the workers are waiting for the store .
the workers in the car are watching the construction workers .
the workers have their job crew .
workers in a car on the way to the store .
workers work for an upcoming party .
the workers are sweating while working on a car .
a group of workers and a car are about to get a accident .
the workers are tossing up a motor accident .
-----------------------------


a group of power workers at the site of a car crash .
the power workers are trying to restore power .
neutral

construction workers have been waiting for the train station .
the workers have been preparing for a play .
the workers are going to work .
the workers are female .
a group of workers are taking their first break and dreaming the cars .
workers are done for the job .
the group of workers are waiting for their train .
workers waiting for the train to arrive .
workers wait for the store .
the people are waiting for a friend .
workers are waiting for the train to arrive .
the machine is filled with people .
the car is going for a sale .
a group of workers are searching for a break to work on the patio .
-----------------------------


a group of power workers at the site of a car crash .
a group of power workers at the site of a plane crash .
contradiction

workers are sitting on a couch .
workers are waiting for a plane
there are no people waiting for the bus .
a group is reading a book in the living room .
the workers are on the roof eating lunch .
a group of workers stand on the truck
a bunch of people are having a picnic .
there are no people watching tv .
a single of workers are working hard at the store .
a group of people are riding a bike .
the workers are at work in the park
workers in a park
workers are walking down a street .
the workers are having their dinner .
the workers are inside their home .
there is a group of workers watching a movie .
workers are at the mall .
construction workers on the lunch office are hard at work .
one girl sitting in the car .
people are riding their bikes through a field of flowers .
a group of workers are having fun
-----------------------------


two girls with long brown hair sit on the floor with a view from the window behind them showing a town .
two girls with long brown hair sit on the floor
entailment

two girls are outside .
two girls are sitting on the floor with brown hair .
there are kids in the picture and talking is sitting on the floor .
girls are outside .
two girls are outside with their hair on the floor .
two girls are looking at the window .
the two girls were in the town
some girls have brown hair at the town .
girls on the floor .
some girls are sitting on the floor
there are people outside looking at a picture .
two girls are working with a window .
the girls by the window .
the girls were working on the floor .
two girls next to each other .
some girls are sitting outside
there are children in the picture .
two girls are on the ground together .
two girls sit in a stoop as part of a town
the girls are sitting on the floor .
two girls are holding each other and sitting on the floor .
some humans are outside .
there are people near a window .
two girls with brown hair .
-----------------------------


two girls with long brown hair sit on the floor with a view from the window behind them showing a town .
two girls with straight long brown hair sit on the floor
neutral

two girls are on their way home from the park .
the girls have just finished having a picnic .
the girls are helping an apple .
girls are outside watching a movie .
the girls sitting on the floor is holding their mother 's hair .
two girls are taking a break .
two girls are celebrating a wedding .
the children are enjoying the outdoors .
two girls are friends .
one of the girls waiting for the bus to arrive .
the girls are trying to play the their project .
two sisters and one girl are on the floor .
the girls are making a big forest
the girls are working hard for a friend .
two sisters posing for a photograph
girls in the background of a crowded city streets .
these girls are having their picture taken at the mall .
the sisters have fun on the ground
girl wearing a brown shirt and brown hair are talking to each other .
there are two girls preparing to eat on the floor .
the girls are wearing hair and sunglasses .
two girls are sad .
a brunette with brown brown hair is taking a break from work on a sunny
the girls are making their way to a church .
two girls are talking to each other .
two girls preparing to play a game of baseball together .
the girls are working at the airport .
two girls are taking photos of the clouds .
the girls are waiting on the door to get something .
-----------------------------


two girls with long brown hair sit on the floor with a view from the window behind them showing a town .
two girls with long brown hair sit on the spaceship
contradiction

two girl are sitting in a gym
the girls have no hair .
girl eats food
two boys are dry .
the girls are sitting on the bench , sitting at the park .
the girls are watching a basketball game .
the girls are sleeping in the shade
two girls on the sofa are watching the sunset .
two girls are running through the park .
the girls are sitting in the park drinking beer .
two boys are taking the bus .
the boys have blonde hair .
two girls fighting the man with the window .
two girls are fighting with each other .
two girls are swimming in the river .
a group of kids are holding a beer .
two girls are preparing for a walk .
the two boys are sitting indoors .
the girls are sitting on a chair in the living room .
a pair of girls are watching tv at home .
there are two girls asleep in bed .
the girls are standing outside .
two girls are biking to the top of the window .
the girls are not standing
two girls dressed in red are holding hands as they walk on the floor .
the girls sit on a blanket in the shade .
one man is dancing by a lake .
the girls are walking away from the window .
there are boys at the beach .
two girls are walking down the street .
two girls are standing on a blanket .
-----------------------------


man in a military outfit handing something in a plastic bag to a group of children outside near a brown building .
a man is handing a plastic bag to a group of children .
entailment

a man watches people while children are waiting in a bag .
a man is surrounded by children .
a man is delivering something to children
there is a man in the military .
there are people in the bag .
an adult is holding a treat .
a man is surrounded by children in a bag .
a man is outside of a building .
a man is holding something .
a group of people are crossing .
a guy is working near a building .
the man is a man
a man stands near a construction site .
there are several children and their .
a man is standing in front of a building .
a guy is shaking .
there are humans using a black bag .
a man is carrying an object to the kids .
there are kids in the bag .
a man i wearing a bag .
a person in a military uniform takes a bag .
-----------------------------


man in a military outfit handing something in a plastic bag to a group of children outside near a brown building .
a group of children receiving a gift .
neutral

a man is a girl to the children .
someone is getting his son to work .
the man is training in his uniform .
the man put on his son 's bag
a group of kids prepare to buy a group of children to go to the
an asian man is trying to get a group of children .
the man in the military uniform is the group .
a man is getting his school done .
the boy is about to be in the bag .
a man is giving a speech .
a tall person with a yellow bag
a tall human standing
a man is doing a new orange bag while the children watch
the man is standing next to the group of children for the first time .
a fellow is dressed and a light white white bag .
a man is the boy and his sister .
a man is about to go out of his new birthday out of a building
a group protests something very close to a fire .
the man sees their mom
the man is a man to be working .
a man is in a military activity parade with his children .
a man is holding his granddaughter and children .
the man is a construction worker .
the man is holding his son
a man helps a man who are preparing for a concert at a local festival
construction workers are taking a break from their house
the man has recently shoes on .
-----------------------------


man in a military outfit handing something in a plastic bag to a group of children outside near a brown building .
a man in civilian clothes hands a bag to a group of children .
contradiction

one man is pooping .
a man is next to his truck .
a woman is cooking a cake .
no one is dressed in red with the balloon
a man is at a dog inside .
two adults wearing a purple grey helmet walk in a park .
the man is stealing the truck .
an army choir is painting a yellow bag
a man is wearing a purple suit and is at home .
a man eats his lunch at home .
a man is fishing on his surfboard .
bob was dressed in a white hoodie .
the man is talking to kids in a garage .
the man is walking down a city street .
two people in a white bag .
the man in a military uniform is running a race through the city .
a man rides a bike through a race with some children .
the man is inside the house .
a child is asleep .
two girls running to the store .
a man is riding the bus with a group of children .
man sleeping in bed
the man is sleeping on the couch .
people at a shower .
the man is on a bus .
everyone is standing in the grass .
someone is at the circus watching the children .
the woman is opening the military bag .
a man is eating his lunch .
a man is throwing his bag on a beach .
a child is eating a pizza in the living room .
the construction shirt is sleeping in a room .
a man rides a bike at a rodeo
a man and his wife are watching tv in a plastic bag .
nobody is holding a man .
-----------------------------


a man and a woman sit on a deck under a blue sky that is about to be overtaken by tumultuous clouds .
the man and woman sitting under the blue sky are having a good time .
neutral

the man and woman are doing a job for the first time .
a couple are having a conversation .
a man and a woman are talking about a recent accident in the ocean .
a man and woman were watching a woman ride a date
the man is a nudist
a man and woman are getting a drink on the deck of a man in
the family is sitting in the sun .
a couple of people are lost .
the couple sits on the deck to get to the beach .
a couple is engaged a married couple .
there are multiple people present for the first time .
a father and woman on vacation with a man
a man and his wife are going to go get .
a couple is sitting on a staircase with their parents on her way .
a man and woman practice for a swim on a deck .
the married couple are not speaking to the man in the ocean .
the couple sits in a deck to get to their death
-----------------------------


a man and a woman sit on a deck under a blue sky that is about to be overtaken by tumultuous clouds .
there are many clouds in the blue sky .
entailment

a man and a woman sit on a deck together
man and women are near the roof .
a man and woman are sitting on a deck of a man 's head .
they are sitting .
two people have a woman on a deck .
there is a couple sitting on a roof .
people near a staircase
there are people outdoors .
a man and a woman are in a cold weather day
the man and woman are on a deck has a woman in the sky .
two people in a cold ocean together
a couple was there
there are people above the sun .
the man and woman are sitting under a blue sky
there are two people sitting outside .
there are a couple of people sitting in the cold , the woman is sitting
the couple is sitting together .
-----------------------------


a man and a woman sit on a deck under a blue sky that is about to be overtaken by tumultuous clouds .
the man and woman are sitting at home .
contradiction

two people is riding a boat into the ocean
the people are standing outside .
three man and woman standing still on the playground .
the woman and man are sitting in the audience watching the man .
there are no men in the roof .
a couple is sleeping in their bed .
man and woman are sitting in the grass near the beach .
the man and woman are standing on a playground and holding their hands up .
the man and woman are sitting in their living room .
a man and woman are fighting each other on a staircase .
a couple of kids are having a conversation on a sunny day .
the man is alone on the stage .
they are sitting at the bus .
a couple and a dog are walking their dog .
two girls are going into the ocean .
the couple are sleeping in a bed .
two couples are swimming in the ocean .
two people are skiing down the river .
a man and a woman are sleeping on a couch
the man and woman are eating a meal at home .
the couple have been standing at a restaurant .
three people are swimming outside .
the man is driving the woman on the deck .
a man plays in a sandbox
the couple is at a church .
a couple is eating a pirate at the law .
two men and a woman are taking a break .
the man and woman are swimming
the man is sitting on a chair with a woman in a blue sky her
a couple is having a beer and a man .
2 people sit in front of a church
a girl is playing with a man .
a man and a woman are walking on a sunny day
a man and woman are having a picnic .
three guys are standing on a staircase
a man watches the woman get into an bed .
-----------------------------


two women stand on a beach and perform stretches or yoga together , facing towards the water and away from the camera .
two people are exercising outside .
entailment

two women are standing .
two females are outside enjoying the water .
the 2 women walk across the water
two women look at the camera .
there are two women outdoors , and playing .
two women are together on the beach .
there are women performing .
the women are enjoying the water .
there are people standing near each other
women are riding a of a yoga person .
people are looking at the camera in the water .
two girls are outside .
there are two women
the women walk across the water .
two women were on the beach .
two women are together walking together .
two women are near a beach .
there are two people
two women walking on the beach
two women are by the water .
two ladies are outside
two women are on a seashore .
-----------------------------


two women stand on a beach and perform stretches or yoga together , facing towards the water and away from the camera .
one lady is teaching another lady how to do a downward dog pose .
neutral

the women are learning how to play in the sand .
two woman in green shorts are taking a bath .
the two women have fun .
women are talking to their friend
two women on the beach are trying to get a quarter
two women are taking pictures of the day .
some woman on the beach are trying to win a competition .
the beach is dark
the women are hiking to the camera .
it was their summer day .
it 's raining outside
they have women on vacation .
two friends are at the beach .
the women played a competition .
two girls are competing in a beach party
the women have been waiting for the yoga on their day to start .
-----------------------------


two women stand on a beach and perform stretches or yoga together , facing towards the water and away from the camera .
two people are jogging on a path through a tunnel .
contradiction

the women sit on the ground at the beach .
two women are on the street , but are working hard .
both women are waiting for the bus to arrive .
women are sitting by the pool
the women is alone .
two women are shopping for a phone in their hands .
they are sitting in their beds
there is a woman watching others watch on her men .
two men run from the beach
the women are sailing a large honeymoon in the sand .
the men are sitting down .
2 men are walking along the beach
they are climbing
two women are sitting on the bus .
two woman are sitting on the beach .
an empty beach
the woman is playing golf in the pool .
one woman sat on a bench .
the people are competing in a swimming pool .
the women are sitting down and driving to bus .
both women are watching tv .
they have swimming lunch at the pool
two women are hiking .
two woman are skydiving at a lake .
woman are playing cards .
the two women were running from the other people in the sand .
the women are sitting down
the men are talking at the bar .
women are laying on a couch .
the woman sat by the beach
they are sitting under water .
two women walking in a park with a photographer waiting .
the women are sitting by the water .
two women are on a bench and singing .
-----------------------------


people in a grocery store crowd around to watch a tv , except one man who walks toward the camera .
the people are crowded around a street performer .
contradiction

the man sits on a bench
a man and a woman are naked in a field .
a man eats his food
the man is standing at the beach .
the group of people are studying in the library .
the guy is flying an animal .
a church store is empty of people
three people have no one of them at the store .
the people sit in a store watching the sunset .
an adult walks along a tv and it is raining .
two dogs are hiking through the woods .
the group of people are sitting at home watching tv .
no one is inside the store .
people are sleeping outdoors .
a man is alone in a store
an empty grocery store
a group of people are reading a book .
people running a marathon .
the women are sitting in a booth .
the cows are talking to a man .
there is only one man present
the two people are sleeping .
many people are outside .
the old men are talking in the each other .
a woman is cooking a cake .
the store is closed and the man is watching a television .
a couple are swim at the pool .
dog is running from the man in the store
-----------------------------


people in a grocery store crowd around to watch a tv , except one man who walks toward the camera .
the people are watching a soccer game .
neutral

the group of people were waiting for a tv show .
a man carries a sign to his family at a store .
the man is a romantic couple .
people are wearing suits and looking at the camera .
a group of people nearby to the camera for the first time
the man is going home
the man is posing for a picture with his friends .
the male store is about to perform at a store .
a man is taking an pictures of people at a wedding .
a young man is walking towards an audience at a store
a man looks for his first store to take him on the wedding
some men wearing suits are waiting for the store to start .
man in a shopping store is about to take a picture
man walking towards a camera while a family is taking a picture .
a group of people are trying to win the local new television show .
a man is walking towards a tv with her family in a store .
-----------------------------


people in a grocery store crowd around to watch a tv , except one man who walks toward the camera .
there is a man walking towards a camera .
entailment

person crossing the street to her camera
several people looking towards a camera
the man is at a store .
a bunch of people are riding something .
a male is outside with a tv shop .
some people are using a camera while a man looks on .
a bunch of people in a store are on a camera .
three people near a building
there are people in a store .
two people have to take a picture .
the man is walking to a store .
a man gets an walk and a shop
the people are looking at a camera .
a man carries a on of people in a store
the people are a a person walking .
there is a store in the store .
a couple are walking on the store .
a man looks at a camera .
people are shopping .
several people are using a camera
people are shopping in front of the camera .
a people in the store were on a nice day .
a man and a store are walking across a crowd
some people wait for a store .
a man taking a photo of a group of people in a store .
there are multiple people outside .
there is a lot of people in the store .
a group of people are behind the store
-----------------------------


a child holds a football and runs from other children .
there is more than one child .
entailment

the children have things .
several children play football .
a child is doing something .
the children are outside .
there are children playing a sport .
the child is pictured in something .
the kids are playing football .
a person in a child 's place is playing a football game .
a young person is holding a football .
the kid is using a football to the kids .
there are children in the children .
the child is outside .
a child is outdoors , looking at children .
a child is holding a ball .
there is a child playing sports
a child is wearing a football football .
the children are wearing a football football .
the child is looking at a football .
some kids and children outside .
a child is holding a football on children .
a kid runs into a football .
a person at a football game .
-----------------------------


a child holds a football and runs from other children .
the children are all sitting down .
contradiction

a child is drinking coffee while watching a soccer game .
a kid is taking a shower outside .
there are no children .
a child stand up and playing with his friends .
a child is holding a baseball .
a child in a basketball game is about to play football .
a child is holding a dog .
the child is sitting on the couch .
a child is holding a soccer ball .
the child is standing on a bench and the children are .
the young man is sitting at the park .
a man is at the soccer match
the child is in bed .
a guy is watching an accident .
a man plays with his child at a party .
a child carries a football in the middle of the ocean .
the child is riding a skateboard .
girl scouts in the pool
the child is standing in chicago .
the child is sleeping next to the kids .
a child is asleep at home at the zoo .
the child runs up the stairs
a child is swimming in the ocean .
a child attempts to throw a baseball .
the man is taking a break from the football and his hands .
a man is looking over some old children .
the child is eating .
the child is driving a car .
the person is reading a book .
the boy is eating a sandwich .
children are riding their bikes .
the man swims in the river .
-----------------------------


